AIME: A 60,000+ Year Journey of Imagination and Impact AIME's story is one of continuous evolution, driven by Indigenous wisdom, the power of imagination and our commitment to create systemic change.  From our roots in Australia's Indigenous wisdom to our global reach today, we as AIME have consistently pushed boundaries and reimagined what's possible, for us and the world.  Come with us on a journey through AIME’s life in IV chapters. Each phase of AIME's journey has built upon the last, creating a powerful momentum for change.  I. The Australian Origin Story (2005-2016): Planting Seeds of Change II. The Global Story (2016-2019): Expanding Our Network III. The Systems Change Story (2019-2023): Redesigning Mainstream Systems IV. The IMAGI-NATION Story (2023-2033): Birthing a Full Systemic Solution  As you walk down memory lane with us and look towards the horizon, you’ll see how AIME has evolved from a grassroots mentoring program to a global systemic solution, all the while staying true to our core mission of creating a fairer world through the power of imagination, mentoring and custodianship.   ● THE ORIGIN STORY: 2005 - 2016 Short Film: https://vimeo.com/468417089 Born out of the longest continuous human civilisation on Earth, with 60,000+ years of imagination backing us, AIME started from the University of Sydney as a grassroots mentoring program that scaled nationally with tremendous results. Created in 2005 as a global social change movement fueled by imagination and mentoring, we helped alleviate inequity in Australia by unlocking - A) 25,000+ Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander youth receiving mentoring and closing a 40+% educational gap to achieve educational parity & excellence B) 10,000+ University students rising up as Mentors to build the largest such volunteer movement in Australia  C) $8.9 worth of impact for every $ invested into AIME, equating to ~$1.17 Billion worth net direct impact to the economy (KPMG, 2018). Long film: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mt5RxdQRFR4  ● THE GLOBAL STORY: 2016 - Now Short film: https://vimeo.com/680265211 Since going global in 2016, and having built deep roots across the continents of Australia, Africa and, North America, we have successfully scaled our work around the world with our impact network now spanning 52 countries. The complex story of AIME going global, and the highs and lows we navigated in the process, can be accessed in a couple of ways - A) HARVARD CASE STUDIES: You can read more about the scaling journey through the Harvard Business Case Study & Supplement on AIME. If you need to access these without payment to Harvard, kindly write to us and we will get you a copy. B) FILM: To come on a journey with us, and ride the waves of change we went through, watch 7 Down. Long film: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_ZMi1sobOc  ● THE SYSTEMS CHANGE STORY: 2019 - Now Short film: https://vimeo.com/852519265/4632f05566 Understanding the need for changing the systems that underpin everything to truly build a fairer world, we have been building a suite of systemic solutions which centre Indigenous Knowledge Systems and intelligence from other marginalised sources and bring them to the start of the design process, thus building more robust solutions for people and planet. A) Beyond our core work on the ground in Australia, and around the world, we have ● created our independent media platform called IMAGI-NATION {TV} that isn’t designed to keep us hooked or distracted, but brings world-class mentors and stories of hope to lead us to action; ● built an oral knowledge sharing platform, valuing relations, via our Making Of A Hoodie and Making Of A Puppet podcasts that allows us to forge deep partnerships and create custom Hoodies and puppets as the symbols and knowledge holders of the co-created change; ● invented our own University as a central system-wide training tool to pass on our knowledge freely called IMAGI-NATION {University} B) Our systemic work has been recognised on Global Stages as one of the Good Design Awards - Gold - for Social Impact, Top 50 Organisations in Education, UNESCO's Global Education Coalition, Fast Company's World Changing Ideas, Top 100 Leaders in Education, and so on. Long podcast: https://omny.fm/shows/the-mentor-with-mark-bouris-3/exploring-systems-leadership-and-changing-mindsets  ● IMAGI-NATION STORY: 2023 - 2033 Short film:https://vimeo.com/876262457 We have now codified all of the above as AIME’s network-of-networks serving as a multi-disciplinary cross-hatched lab for humanity, fusing ancient and modern wisdom, based on Indigenous Knowledge Systems and the best of the internet in the form of a digital nation called IMAGI-NATION, that centres intelligence from outside the margins to redesign our mainstream systems and activate humanity as a whole to healthier patterns synched with natural economies. A) IMAGI-NATION brings systems-change makers - including leaders in Indigenous knowledge systems, education, governments, corporations, youth and everyday citizens - across continents through unlikely connections, creating opportunities to deepen exchange between those inside and outside of the margins, thus modelling a healthy relational network and economy B) The symbol of the movement and the stimulator of our economy is the iconic AIME Hoodie which cannot be bought but must be earned through action. Born in 2010, AIME hoodies connect our ecosystem around the world, and the underlying economic framework that underpins our entire systems is captured in a book called "Hoodie Economics". Long film: https://vimeo.com/874999299  THE END: To model a healthy regenerative sustainable system, AIME and IMAGI-NATION have an intentional death date set for March 2033, after which we cease operations & return our IP back to Nature and the ecosystem around us. This isn't an ending, but a powerful act of regeneration and knowledge transfer for greater systems health.  JOIN FORCES WITH US: To power all this, we're in the midst of raising $100M to fund our work till 2033, and we’re inviting systems thinkers, designers and funders to partner with us to change the way the world works. Wanna partner with us, or dig deeper into the story, reach out to pj@aimementoring.com.  