A relational network for humanity to solve the challenges of our times, built using Indigenous Knowledge Systems and other marginalised intelligence systems  AIME: We have 18+ years of track record in shifting deeply entrenched systems and solving intractable problems by bridging marginalised youth & communities in 52+ countries by valuing their intelligence with people & organisations holding power to create a healthy relational network and an alternative economic framework, independently tested and validated by Harvard, KPMG, several world-leading Universities, systems thinkers & more.  IMAGI-NATION: We have digitised all this in October 2023 and have launched our most-comprehensive systemic solution, fusing the best of humanity powered by the internet to create a virtual nation called IMAGI-NATION, designed using Indigenous knowledge systems thinking. IMAGI-NATION brings together a cross section of global systems-change makers - including leaders in Indigenous knowledge systems, education, governments, corporations, youth and everyday citizens - across continents through unlikely connections, creating opportunities to deepen exchange between those inside and outside of the margins, thus modelling a healthy relational network and economy.  IMPACT: The big impact is returning humanity to our custodial relationship with each other and Nature by centering imagination as the critical skill to get us there, using mentoring as the methodology to allow this knowledge to be transferred freely across generations. We will: ● Model a relational network, connecting us to people and ideas we’ll never likely encounter and change the way the world works by providing a scalable alternative to the current sick social networks of today without their self-serving algorithms. ● Unearth for humanity the most enduring source of human knowledge on the planet - Indigenous systems thinking, fusing it with the best of modern knowledge systems to support the world’s largest lab of co-design within complex systems. ● Create an ecosystem of activated stakeholders impacting at least 25 million people (see following point); completing 100+ systems change projects to showcase scalable impact and shifting current unhealthy mainstream systems; lighting up 50+ cities as hubs of IMAGI-NATION; and leaving behind 150+ valuable tools, designed to continue to shape the design of our living systems well into the future. Economically, the objective of IMAGI-NATION will be to unlock the case studies and breakthrough pathways to the $700B+ deficit in the nature market through the below actions, forging the pathway towards properly valuing the $125 Trillion of ecosystem services Nature provides us, and the priceless value we derive from our healthy relationship with Nature that sustains and nurtures all life on our planet.  ACTIVATED STAKEHOLDERS: Through IMAGI-NATION, the following key stakeholder groups will be activated directly, with each of these having the potential to impact millions of humans thereafter: 1. 1000 Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs created and networked as the key decentralised knowledge network across all of Earth’s bio-regions; 2. 1000 young people from marginalised communities establishing custodial economies to return humankind back to Nature as IMAGI-NATION Presidents; 3. 1000 organisations (corporations and governments) becoming JOY Corps to return to healthier patterns for their employees, communities and natural ecosystems; 4. 1000 schools becoming Imagination Labs and working on real-world projects; and 5. 1000 systems change citizens unlocked and networked to solve world problems. The 5000 key groups identified above will impact at least 25 Million people conservatively, based on Metcalf’s law, which states that the “value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of connected users of the system”.  INTENTIONAL DEATH / IP TO NATURE: To counter the current limitless growth mindset & model a healthy regenerative sustainable system, AIME & IMAGI-NATION have an intentional death date set for March 2033, after which we cease operations & return our IP back to Nature and the ecosystem around us.  BUDGET / RESOURCES REQUIRED: All of the projected impact and all of our operations will be delivered at a cost of $10M p.a. For IMAGI-NATION, we’re inviting philanthropic contributions of $500k+ p.a. from key systemic funders for the next 8 years to cover the entire network’s impact. NB: We have raised and invested $150M+ in-currency, and $200M+ in-kind since 2005. We have also confirmed initial seed funding for the technology & network from the Australian Government of $500k, as part of a $13.5M philanthropic investment.  STORY OF IMAGI-NATION IN OTHER FORMATS - Pick your preferred format from amongst the below: ● Video: 2.5 min Animated Video highlighting the systemic vision and action ● Audio: 18 min Radio Interview summarising the philosophy and practice ● Image: 1 Graphic Image showcasing the design process & the elements ● Book: Hoodie Economics detailing the philosophy, history, design & future vision  