AIME’s IMAGI-NATION $100m Funder Invitation October 2022 The Invitation / Summary  Welcome to the IMAGI-NATION $100m funder invitation.  This document maps AIME’s 18+ years of track record creating life-changing impact by bridging marginalised youth & communities in 52+ countries with those inside the margins to create an offline relational network, validated by independent research from Harvard, KPMG & several leading Universities, and the plan to turbo-charge systems change at scale by digitising this with the creation of a virtual nation, IMAGI-NATION. This online and offline space will be for all people from all races and spaces, from inside and outside the margins, to gather and rewire the relational patterns on planet earth, as we have done since 2005. Together we will re-discover our custodial nature and build a global lab for humanity that over the next 10 years will power the most significant relational exchanges with knowledge and each other, generated by unlikely connections as the catalysing spark. Relationships beyond our echo-chambers and interest groups represent the key to solving the challenges of our times. Welcome to IMAGI-NATION.  IMAGI-NATION will: 1. Change the way the world is networked, to provide a scalable alternative to the current social networks without the self-serving algorithms of division and diversion - this will be a relational network, connecting humans to ideas & people we are not likely to encounter otherwise in order to build cohesion & empathy. 2. Unearth for humanity the most enduring source of human knowledge on the planet - Indigenous systems thinking, which will inform the design process from the ground up. We are bringing together intelligence from outside the margins with those inside the margins to support the world’s largest lab of co-design within complex systems. 3. Harness our algorithm of unlikely connections, which we have synthesised from First Nations Lore and practice, along with decades of scientific research into optimal team-building and inter-group dynamics to harness the power of our collective imagination to solve the challenges facing our planet.  This is an invitation to make a one-time contribution toward our US$100M goal which we aim to raise in the next 12 months. This fund will support the entire network for 10 years, at which point we will close AIME and transfer our assets and work to the network we have built.  10 years after the launch of the network, i.e. in 2033, IMAGI-NATION and AIME will initiate its own formal ending to create a systemic regeneration as part of an intentional design strategy informed by natural life-death cycles. We believe all organisations should have the same limitations of mortality as all other entities in creation. This is in order to optimise their impact in the world, within the natural limits of scale, and not build empires that inevitably create otherness and consolidation of power & resources for a few.  As we set our sights towards the next 10 years we have some significant objectives that will be achieved via this network. Amongst systemic shifts that will redefine the power of relational networks (as compared to social networks), showcase relational economies, and a return on relations. We have some specific impact metrics at play for those entering and working in IMAGI-NATION, which include:  ● building the capacity of 1 billion human beings to be trained as mentors to help humanity return to its custodial role with other species in Nature, and learn to pass on knowledge, network & opportunities with each other freely for the benefit of all; ● to create system change projects, especially to reimagine and reinvent the current unhealthy systems at play in education, employment, finance, fashion and sustainability, as a few examples; ● to leave behind an array of valuable tools, designed to continue to shape the design of our living systems well into the future, that can be picked up by others to build strong systemic movements of change to address future challenges.  We invite you to be a part of a relational network that will transition our systems at large. The timing is important as we live during times of rapid change when institutions need to be agile and responsive.  In terms of an economics frame, this network is powered by Hoodie Economics, an interdependent system of exchange that we have championed since 2005 (with a book currently under-publishing capturing the depth and complexity of the model). We are now looking to digitise and scale this through IMAGI-NATION. As a quick summary, Hoodie Economics focuses on a relational economy in which we exchange time, knowledge and opportunities, where the formula is not give-take, but give-give in the fashion of Indigenous traditional economies. We share without expecting anything in return, and we know it’s not a waste of time because abundance always emerges within cyclical interconnected systems.  Hoodie Economics draws on Indigenous thinking systems and alternative intelligence sources, to look at the systems of money, ownership and reductive thinking that we have inherited, and how we have the potential for a new (old) foundation that embraces balance and equity – a relational economy instead of a transactional one.  In increasingly anxious and tumultuous times, this network offers transformative solutions to place-based connection, knowledge-sharing, custodianship and joy at the centre of our world.            resident   Table of contents  The invitation 1 Introduction 4 Our three playgrounds 4 The people powering IMAGI-NATION 6 The problem 8 Intelligence from Outside the Margins 9 Theory of Change - UNCx5 9 The challenges and risks 11 Current Countries and locations 13 Projected Impact 13 Durability of Impact 14 Emergence as a design frame 14 Project Phases 14 Testimonials from some of our Partners 15 The USD$100M 17                 Introduction  AIME is an 18 year old tried-and-tested networking model that focuses on unlikely connections to build regenerative networks. These networks cast off the shackles of a couple of hundred years of exclusive, elite, empire building models that served few, and devalued most.  For the next 10 years, AIME is building a digital country, IMAGI-NATION, to accelerate the relational exchanges between those inside and outside the margins that help build a fairer world for all. We are basing our design process around Indigenous systems thinking - intelligence from outside the margins that is included in the creation of the oldest human labs of knowledge on earth. MIT media labs is 37 years old, Indigenous Australian intelligence is 60,000+ years old, and then let’s find a system from nature, say mycelium, which is over 700 million years old, the question again becomes, where are we placing our value on sources of intelligence? Where are our labs to shape the design of life on earth? This is why we’re building IMAGI-NATION.  The Economy is Hoodie Economics and is a relational economy based on exchanges of time, knowledge and opportunities.  No $$ is exchanged in the network. No advertising. No data stolen.  The network is built on an algorithm of unlikely connections x 5, which has been shared via consultation with some of the world’s leading thinkers in the field of human social systems, including Tyson Yunkaporta, Robin Dunbar and Fritjof Capra.  Our goal is regenerative knowledge production, reclaiming for humans our true role and ecological niche as a custodial species.  The network lives for 10 years and then it dies - as all living things will - with radical transformation of human systems over the next decade. We have 10 years of accelerated imagination to solve the messy problems of our time, including the core challenge of modelling a different way for us to be networked; not by transaction, but by relation. Our three playgrounds of impact 1) Capacity Building for 1 Billion+ people - via unlikely connections, mentor training, and action within the network. Including: a) Via IMAGI-NATION{University}, AIME’s online university and systemic training tool, we’ll train 1000+ Global Ambassadors in organising change - to alleviate educational inequity for at least 100,000 young people from outside the margins b) 1 Billion+ people trained as Mentors via Go1’s ecosystem and via AIME’s IMAGI-NATION{University} accelerator program, and the Mentor Training tool at large - to create a global citizen population of mentors, that work in relation with each other c) 50,000 jobs, scholarships and mentoring opportunities unlocked for young people outside the margins via the Connections space d) Dreamspace TV, a spin-off of IMAGI-NATION{TV}, helping the dreams come true for 400+ schools around the world that serve young people from outside the margins e) Making of a Hoodie Podcast - helping rewrite the uniform set of rules for 200+ schools to unlock the potential for young people from outside the margins to shape a story and create their own custom uniform in the form of a Hoodie that binds a school, a town, a province and a nation.  2) Systems Change - via unlikely connections we work on systems changing projects. Including: a) Nature Fund: working with ethic and Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs to design a Nature investment vehicle to centre nature in our financial systems and generate industry equivalent or greater returns whilst increasing biodiversity b) The Imagination Project: working with the Learning Planet Institute to bring together a coalition of organisations (examples include educational organisations across Australia, Canada, Ireland, UK, Poland, Netherland, Pakistan, France, Morocco, Russia, Bangladesh, India, and more) to work on a 10 year project to centre imagination in the schooling and educational experience c) Imagination Curriculum: a focused 3-year research project in collaboration with the Australian Government & 3 premier Australian Universities, funded by the Australian Research Council, to transpose AIME’s imagination curriculum into the entire Australian schooling system & be available for schools around the world d) The ReclAIMEd Project: working on solving the challenges of dead stock and creating a global circular fashion economy, featuring partnerships with Thread Together, and Fashion brands around the world. e) The JOY Project: bringing the JOY Corps accreditation to 5000+ corporate & community organisations (first group of partners include Salesforce, PwC, Q5 Consulting, Gucci etc.) to build their own accelerator Co-CEO programs for marginalised young people to bring the intelligence from outside the margins into the boardroom. At the same time, these organisations will activate their staff to build mentoring bridges with local high schools to bring the diversity pipeline into organisations, and get leaders out to learn from different sources of intelligence. This is on top of building their own kindness economies and JOY targets for the organisation. f) Kindness Currency - building an alternative economic model that values kindness as the main driver of value. In partnership with music festivals around the planet, we will showcase the economic power and strength of kindness as a stimulus for our networks, systems, and economies. The current campaign HUMAN/KIND/\\/KIND\HUMAN is a 5 year campaign with the goal of taking the knowledge and evidence to Davos and other world leaders to see systemic implementation of kindness economies in government, business, school and within civic society. g) Intentional Death Strategy - working with governance bodies globally to leave a new framework of governance. AIME has recently approved a 10 year intentional death strategy from the onset of IMAGI-NATION. AIME will intentionally close its doors and will plan to transition its assets and IP to Nature, and embed our values & methodologies into other organizations poised to continue the work regeneratively. Through this we will more deeply embed our work into multiple sectors and systems and allow that work to grow more rapidly and organically. We are thus modelling regenerative organisational relational design where we don’t build singular empires, but healthier ecosystems which value relationships, sharing of knowledge freely and then passing on the notes for posterity.  3) Tools - creating a wide range of valuable tools for the human race. When IMAGI-NATION comes to a close in 2033 we will leave behind a library of tools packaged in rich stories and resources for humankind to keep working with, all long-term ongoing projects, including: a) The 30+ year case study story of the AIME network and IMAGI-NATION and leaving behind the code and the Relational Network Map b) MentorClass for teachers - a comprehensive suite of lessons for teachers around the world to transition into the role of mentors and utilise imagination to unlock the potential of young people from outside the margins c) The Professors series for parents and their teenagers to watch at home - a modern muppets, a Mentor TV show, following the quest of 6 Professors founding a university - IMAGI-NATION{University} to solve the challenges of our time d) Mentor Training tool for humanity - featuring 18 values to work through, this off the shelf tool provides NGOs, governments, schools and parents with a toolkit to unlock our mentoring potential and be in relation with each other. e) IMAGINE film - a co-created film written by young people from outside the margins, CEOs, Prime Ministers, artists & more, as a text that centres Indigenous knowledge and lands a popular culture story for our screens to think about how we think, who we are, and the world we want to design in the future. f) Books including 101 Lessons in Organising Change, Professor Hope’s IMAGI-NATION Cookbook, Flipping the Script Article in the Mighty Tome, Hoodie Economics, The Mentor & more. g) Dreams Documentary looking at where Dreams come from from the perspective of young people around the world. h) 100,000+ Hoodies distributed over 30 years, connecting humans by a common thread, and forming the spine of a relational economy.  IMAGI-NATION is real and lives in between Earth, Web 2 and Web 3 - it’s powered by AIME staff around the world, along with a suite of alliance partners activating networks in real-time.  We also have a physical IMAGI-NATION{Factory} in Sydney’s Entertainment Quarter, and soon several travelling IMAGI-NATION{Embassies} driving around the world. These {Embassies} will connect kids from outside the margins with the network and those from inside the margins with missing intelligence. The people powering IMAGI-NATION  AIME is a partnership organisation, our full time staff are based around the world, but our job is curating unlikely connections. Below are some of the people who work on our network:  Some of our key system-wide partners include ● Tyson Yunkaporta - co-designer of IMAGI-NATION, IMAGINE Film Producer, Nature Fund designer, Writer of ‘Sand Talk’, Impact lead thinker in support with Indigenous Knowledge Systems team, including Dr. Chels Marshall, Dr. John Davis & Joshua Waters ● Johny Mair - co-founder of ethic and co-designer of IMAGI-NATION, NATURE fund designer, MentorClass & IMAGINE film producer alongside the team at ethic ● Ben Johnson - co-designer of IMAGI-NATION alongside the team of designers at JosephMark ● Ryan Tomlinson - bringing the network together alongside the ecosystem of Super Meta Human Futures ● Dr. Jane Goodall - founding Imagination lecturer for IMAGI-NATION{University} and the broader team at the Jane Goodall Institute ● Dr. Geordan Shannon - working with AIME on planetary and network health along with the Planet.Health Club ● Ben Richardson and the team at Go1 - integrating AIME’s Mentor training into their learning platforms and working towards 1 billion mentors ● François Taddei and the Learning Planet Institute team are curating a learning ecosystem of educational organisations with us to centre imagination in the classroom  Mentors-In-Residence is a program with up to 30 of our leadership team paired with a world-leading thinker in their respective fields of operations.   Here’s an example of our Mentors-In-Residence Alumni.  ● Malcolm Turnbull - 29th Prime Minister of Australia ● Ilana Atlas - Non-Executive Director or ANZ, Origin Energy, Paul Ramsay Foundation & more ● Greg Hutchinson - Advisory Partner, Bain & Co. ● Kristine Dery - Academic Research Affiliate MIT Center for Information Systems, Professor Macquarie Business School ● Candice Mama - Award winning International Speaker ● Kip Williams - Artistic Director of Sydney Theatre Company ● Damon Gameau - Film Director, Producer, Author & Activist ● Joel Connolly - Creative Director at Blackbird Ventures & Head of Blackbird Foundation. ● Daniel Flynn - Managing Director & Co-Founder of Thankyou ● Leila Naja Hibri - CEO of Australian Fashion Council ● Osher Gunsberg - TV/Radio Presenter & Journalist  Our organisation is built with a distributed model of leadership, wherein we have a Co-CEO model which is powered by UNCx5 (Unlikely Connections x 5). Our:  ● leadership team includes intelligence from outside the margins, with experienced practitioners globally; we have four female C0-CEOs, all from diverse backgrounds of intelligence, Jacqueline Twillie from the USA, Sarue Kamudyariwa from Zimbabwe, Sarineh Garapetian from Armenia and Suzie Winkelman from Australia. ● IMAGI-NATION {University}’s Vice Chancellor, Steph Beck, is the first Indigenous Vice Chancellor in Australian history. ● US foundation CEO, Parul Punjabi Jagdish, is originally from India, having spent a cross section of work in film, community development and consulting practices globally, having led change initiatives across Asia, Europe, Australia & North America. ● CFO, Simone Twiss, and Head of Legal, Justin Moses, have both held significant roles in global entities. Our strategy support includes former CEOs of mental health organisations and global journalists who work on war correspondence across the continent of Africa. ● Head of impact, Irmin Durand, is from Kenya, and lives between Europe & Africa, and has a lifetime of work in stories and understanding humanity. ● Communications lead, Ben Knight, has led campaigns and communications for one of Australia’s top non profits. ● Head of Puppetry, Vanessa Ellis has spent 30 years in professional puppetry. Our production and animation team have worked across major platforms and production companies. ● Head of HR, Kristy Greaves, is one of the only Indigenous people across Australia leading HR teams globally. ● Lead for our global mentors, Rhian Miller, is a former mentee in the program from Australia.  We also employ professional actors and former athletes who have played on the biggest stages and we have a strong team of personnel spread across the continent of Africa, the USA and Australia. We are confident in our fusion of unlikely connections across our distributed leadership team.  AIME is led by our Founder and CEO, Jack Manning Bancroft, who has supported these roles at AIME for 18 years. Jack is a member of the Bundjalung nation & founded AIME in Australia in 2005 as a 19 year old at Sydney University.  AIME was founded to address the network inequity we had inherited and knew that if we wanted to change the world we had to network differently, build more highways of exchange and shift where and how we value wealth, knowledge and intelligence, by linking people from inside and outside the margins into a network of unlikely connections powered by bridges of mentoring. After close to 20 years leading this network to now reach 52 countries AIME is confident in the wisdom Jack has acquired to help us navigate this space. Jack is deeply inspired by his Aboriginality and relation to Indigenous systems intelligence and thinking, and has spent his lifetime building unlikely connections across sectors & geographies. He is a graduate of The University of Sydney and Stanford University, a published children's book author and a former NSW Young Australian of the Year.  Jack has also received a Human Rights Medal, an Honorary Fellowship from the University of Western Sydney and is the youngest person in Australian history to be awarded an Honorary Doctorate, which he received from the University of South Australia. He is currently an Honorary Fellow at Deakin University with the Indigenous Knowledge Systems Lab.  Jack has authored Hoodie Economics which will be released globally in September 2023.  The problem  Capitalism in its current form and colonial empires in recent times have exacerbated inequality and division globally. Wealth and power are increasingly concentrated in the hands of a small number of people. At the same time, those living outside these structures or on the margins, hold unique and in many ways, untapped knowledge, skills, and currencies. Increasing division is destroying the climate, our communal bonds, and our ability to solve our core problems  More specifically, the challenge right now is that we are still inheriting world orders and systems in the forms of schools, workplaces, housing, natural resource management etc. all managed through the pipeline of a generational design based on a very small lens determining what was valuable. This has led to big palaces and large swathes of exclusion. Progress has come in the shape of a few drawbridges and the kings and queens of empires ‘inviting’ those they had led through spiritual, mental, structural, and physical genocides, into the tea room to say, “now you may be included as citizens in our world”. In doing so we’ve invited those outside the margins, those that were excluded, into the current system to play with the same rules. The biggest travesty here is asking those outside the margins to come into the house but drop their super powers - their intelligence, their systems thinking, their models of wealth and value, their patterns, their shapes and their designs.  We are missing the window for human transformation at a critical time when the earth needs new intelligence. The trick is, the intelligence is in the rearview mirror, in the stars, in the ground, in the animals, in the land, and in each other. It’s stored, locked away, waiting for us to find it.  Currently, the intergenerational clubs, the private schools and secret societies keep the power in the limited nature of the network. That’s really clever if the goal is to keep the share of the pie in the hands of the few, but it isn’t so clever when suddenly you need more than the $$ in your bank account.   The Solution  Our solution is an alternative to the networks that distract and mine our data to manipulate us. We must re-pattern our inherited networks. To help solve the increasingly complex challenges, and to help redesign our broken systems, the solution we propose is a relational network, IMAGI-NATION, powered by unlikely connections. IMAGI-NATION builds a network of knowledge and mentorship, which is wired to bring in the intelligence from outside the margins into the centre of the design frame so we can access the largest source of untapped intelligence in the human thought experiment, the intelligence from outside the margins (more on this in the next section). Tapping into the longest continuous human civilisations and natural systems, we are creating a knowledge systems lab for development and design of systems, economic frames, impact measurement and societal design to solve the challenges of our time and posterity. This network also includes a new currency valuing relations and centering exchanges of time, knowledge and opportunities (as against $$).  As a recent specific example that highlights the need for different types of networking and knowledge sharing, the COVID-19 pandemic stopped planes, and halted human contact as we knew it. This disruption created a space for existing intelligence and other forms of medicine to move from nature and places outside the margins to other places within the network. These then create connections and unlikely connections to meet and solve challenges in our health. A study published in Nature magazine on August 1 2022 titled “Social capital II: determinants of economic connectedness” looked at over 72 million people and their friendship connections and the correlation with inequity. And one of the key conclusions was that unlikely connections - shifting the network from affirming likely connections amongst social groups, race groups and economic status - can allow a level of bridge building and unlikely connections that can create more equality and movement out of poverty. Ray Chetty, Harvard Economist and co-author of the paper said, in summarising the findings, that “Growing up in a community connected across class lines improves kids’ outcomes and gives them a better shot at rising out of poverty.”  Intelligence from Outside the Margins People think the way to fix the problem of poor people is to ‘help the poor people’. That’s not the way. They don’t need help, they need a role, and when nature is the role, it turns out most of the people who are poor in this capital system have long DNA of healthy relations to nature. If we centre nature, we centre intelligence from outside the margins and we won’t spend so much time on how we set the table for people of different colour and who sits where, we are out by the fire, near the tree, with the lake, giving back to pass on the notes. We are in flow, we are in relation, our energy spurts have purpose, and the purpose is natural. Our role as custodians, movers of energy, knowledge and action, to nature, with nature, for nature. And then we pass on the notes and nature teaches our children and their children and on and on it goes. When we centre nature we remember that we are all custodial species, we are human. Beyond Indigenous and non-Indigenous, black-white, human and nonhuman, what we have forgotten is our natural relation to nature. Whilst we protest and scream about climate change, because the platforms reward the noise, we forget that we can go for a swim, a walk, look at the stars, all free, all now, all for us to share. In oppositional relations, one human group is silent, and one is loud but immature, so to counter that, we all whisper. We are all valuable, in our worth we can share our intelligence, and if our collective pursuit for health is with nature, we release ourselves from our opposition with each other. Imagination frees us, and nature anchors us. Imagination gives us the freedom to think, to play, to move, to see the map, to travel, and nature guides us, it keeps score, it’s our ultimate anchor point for complexity and impact. Theory of Change - UNCx5  Our network algorithm is based on Unlikely Connection x5 - connecting people in unlikely relations with 5 entities, human or non human, to create a different regenerative cell of connections.  Why the number 5 you ask?  In the first 12 years of AIME’s work, we had unlikely connections x 2, between an Indigenous high school student in Australia and a university Mentor. The focus of the narrative and relation was enhancing the differences, remarking at the ways of life, of being, of what we looked like that were different and unique in our different places and spaces.  What would happen in Unlikely Connections x 2, is even after common ground was established, worked through shared equity in the map, even once joy was unlocked and intangible value in the space of imagining and wandering; both parties would leave the table and return to their camp. Within an hour, a day, a week, they’d have already lost their connection to the person on the other side of the table and reverted to the established patterns of being, the values of the local, repeating what had come and focusing on the individual lens. Until they meet again, and try gaining some perspective and knowledge, and yet, that was not durable.  As we explored the relational patterns, we found that once we reached Unlikely Connections x 5 (UNCx5), i.e. a group of 5 people that come from very different backgrounds (across race, gender, geography, socio-economic status etc.), there started to be a stickiness to the shape. There was a circular energy that would unfold with five, there was a sense that if someone dropped out, the other four would find a way to keep generating the energy and connections. The most important realisation for Unlikely Connections x 5 came when we discovered that when each new connection is unlikely, the network unravels, the patterns of specialisation, race, culture and nations, and our fixed mindsets evaporate and the space left in between is human kind. It becomes so complex that we find deep commonalities, like our imagination as a species, our ability to laugh, our relationships with nature and our feelings of love.  It turns out, there is a lot of research that stacks up around the number 5 being the ideal team size or the ideal amount of friends you can have at any one time. Below is a graph created by British anthropologist Robin Dunbar, who has spent decades looking at numbers in relation to our friendships and social groups. It’s a number chart that shapes the patterns of friendships and relations from inside to out and factors upwards in patterns of 5. With the key group being close friends which Dunbar sees as the number 5. Explaining the theorem in an interview with the Atlantic magazine in 2021 Dunbar says “The distribution of the data formed a series of layers, with each outer layer including everybody in the inner layer. Each layer is (approximately) three times the size of the layer directly preceding it: 5; 15; 50; 150; 500; 1,500; 5,000. The innermost layer of 1.5 is [the most intimate]; clearly that has to do with your romantic relationships. The next layer of five is your shoulders-to-cry-on friendships. They are the ones who will drop everything to support us when our world falls apart. The 15 layer includes the previous five, and your core social partners. They are our main social companions, so they provide the context for having fun times. They also provide the main circle for exchange of child care. We trust them enough to leave our children with them. The next layer up, at 50, is your big-weekend-barbecue people. And the 150 layer is your weddings and funerals group who would come to your once-in-a-lifetime event.”   From research in the army around team sizes of 5, to Jeff Bezos saying the ideal team size was the amount of people that could share a pizza as a meal - roughly 5. There was definitely a pattern of research stacking up alongside what we’d seen practically.  The difference being, in our work, we were adding a design element by identifying the 5 and investigating how we created a generative capacity to the relations. We ensured that once we had one person in the group, we would make the biggest possible unlikely connections leap to the next person, and continue this until we found our 5.  Thus we had an algorithm on our hands resulting in our network design. And what’s nice is that it is shaped the same as the number of digits on our hands. Five. To re-pattern the network, we had to find our unlikely 5, and then as in Dunbar’s map, we had to multiply the pattern in sets of 5.  We looked down at our hands and saw the 5 digits and thought, yeah that’s about right, unlikely connections x 5 (UNCx5), and then when you incy-wincy-spider it, we’ve got ourselves a regenerative network in flow. Moving knowledge inside and outside the margins in relation, and that would see those outside the margins have many avenues to move, not simply defined to just their own postcode or nation state. UNCx5’s keep multiplying and moving endlessly, bringing in more unlikely connections. A design formula for networking that can design against hegemony, institutionalisation, decay, and inequity of knowledge and relations.  We are only a year or two into formalising the UNCx5 model across our network and are now in the process of building more research around it to see if it may be the ideal team size for organisations. We think it’s a model for organisations to build their project teams and to look around the room to say, okay is this group unlikely enough? Have we gone UNCx5 on it? The result is work that activates imaginative thinking, and illuminates where an organisation is homogenous and needs regeneration.  The challenges and risks  The main challenge for a digital network we see is the audience engagement. That’s why we’ve spent 18 years building a physical network and system that we’ve already started digitising and that now reaches across 52 countries. With key staff located across Africa, Australia, Europe and the USA, we feel we are well situated to activate the network.  The next challenge is people’s attention fighting against the current distraction economy, and specifically how to get to young people’s attention. We side-step this by going to schools directly, and with our IMAGI-NATION{Embassies} on wheels we’ll take IMAGI-NATION to the school doorstep. When we have {Embassies} on each continent we can drive between major cities and the most isolated schools and connect humanity together. All {Embassies} will be connected globally in a distributed leadership model to ensure intelligence is collectively owned and shared.  The AIME team will be the outreach team and the main focus of the investment of $US100M over the 10 years. They will be the ones activating the relations with young people outside the margins and those inside the margins.  A challenge lies in packaging knowledge in an imaginative way, so it has cut-through and the tools last. That is why we invest in artists and storytellers to bring the show to life, to create tools like MentorClass or The Professors. It’s why we work on fashion and music and immersive theatre, because when we are in imaginative states, we are in movement. And it is true that artists lead the revolution!  Another challenge is having a heartbeat to the movement. We have just taken over a Cinema Complex in the heart of Sydney’s Entertainment Quarter next door to Fox Studios. This is our global headquarters which we have turned into an IMAGI-NATION{Factory}. This will be another area of investment for us to bring kids, and people from around the world together to the Factory over the next 10 years.  Another risk challenge is unintentionally building another distraction tool that sucks humans away from each other. With network platforms, the desire to ‘gamify’ and create addictive behaviour has become so normalised that we’ve almost lost grip on reality. Tools and experiences shouldn’t mine our lives, they shouldn’t own us, or our information, but rather, they should enhance. Great art is made to inspire us, and after we see the film, artwork or piece of theatre, we leave, never to see it again. The painting doesn’t follow us down the street and track what we ate next, how we slept or what dreams we had. We have mitigated this trap by creating a very clear reminder at the door that IMAGI-NATION is at its core simply a reminder. It’s a nudge to reclaim space and time, that as a species we are naturally custodial and nature gives us all the imaginative fuel we need. Upon entry to IMAGI-NATION, the network will open with a simple pledge system to help people reclaim their imagination minutes by asking ‘are you sure you want to come in? You’ve already got an imagination, maybe you just need some time back? Some time in nature?” and we encourage people to pledge imagination minutes, turn off their devices and go into nature. Part of the tactic of this network-build is to have the moment to grab the attention of the audience so we can remind them that they are already enough and the world has so much for us already.  There is an inherent risk in networks spinning out of control and becoming more powerful than expected. It is easy to see a shift in audiences' behaviour or see leaders of the network become corrupted by the power and shifting the intention of the design. We have met this risk by transparently opening an intentional death strategy for the network at AIME, no hidden agenda and full intentionality towards an exit. Death is the ultimate regenerative strategy for acceleration towards progress. It forces our hand to see our interconnectedness as organisations, throughout all time, all connected in one large tree of life. This is precisely why we have designed the network to work in relation, learn from our experience and then pass our knowledge to the next generation.  The other risk is around the hero or founder worship model and around governance. We have met this risk by centering IMAGI-NATION’s governance with 10 indicator species from Nature (chosen as the most appropriate cultural indicator species from an Indigenous lens, whose health represents the health of the entire global ecosystem), and we are intending to give the IP of IMAGI-NATION back to Nature (as a well-established Indigenous practice of storing wisdom in the landscape) once the network dies. This will be in addition to embedding our tools, methodologies and processes into 5000+ organisations globally, reaching 1 Billion+ humans who will walk across the bridge and become mentors for a fairer world. Our heroes are the Natural species, and our Puppets as the custodians of imagination.  To meet the challenge that human beings can become obsessed with their own progress and individual worth, we have built a few features. Before entering we have created a ceremony experience where each person brings in 5 elements with them, 3 people and 2 non-human entities to help form their core Unlikely Connections x 5 (UNCx5), to bring the time before, the time now, and the time after with us. Also, to be in relation beyond our own species in our grounding, each person will select one of the 10 Indicator species as their relation for their time in IMAGI-NATION.  In order to meet the challenge of team units, we have shaped the core team as a UNCx5 crew of people. 5 people, all unlikely connections, together in the home base, all messages can be seen by all 5 people, engendering transparency and openness.  To meet the potential child protection challenges within the network, there is a 16+ age access limit, and as young people will be interacting with older people, we have removed private inboxing; all the conversations happen in a core group of UNCx5.  Finally there is a challenge around passive engagement with the network, and we have been explicitly clear that this is an active network, people have to work at the application phase to apply to be engaged and be in movement before entering. This is why the AIME network of 18 years as the backbone is so important. Our established relational network is the base and IMAGI-NATION becomes the playground for amplification of networking and action.         Current Countries and locations   Prior research & recognition  You may be asking what evidence do we have, or why do we believe that the solution we propose will work? Below is just a sample of internal evidence and formal academic evidence.  1) How Unlikely connections are the key for alleviating network inequity - https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-04997-3 2) How Indigenous Systems thinking can save the world a) Sandtalk - https://www.textpublishing.com.au/books/sand-talk b) Animation - https://vimeo.com/734595692/a8fcbff883 3) Conversation with Robin Dunbar - https://anchor.fm/tyson-yunkaporta/episodes/Surviving-Dunbar-at-Scale-e1nepsc 4) Conversation on Impact emergence with Fridjof Capra - https://anchor.fm/tyson-yunkaporta/episodes/Processes-of-Emergence-e1b4g1g 5) Harvard Case Studies on AIME - the 2019 original that documents the story from AIME’s founding in 2005 till our going global in 2016; and the 2019 supplement that documents the 2016-2017 journey of AIME entering global territories 6) KPMG’s economic evaluation of AIME in 2018-19 that found that for every $ invested into AIME, $8.9 is returned to society, equating to ~$1.17Bn worth of net direct economic impact each year 7) A 3+ year University-coalition led research into AIME found lasting impacts for mentees, mentors & the community at large, to help create systemic shifts in the way we are networked - https://aimeresearchpartnership.wordpress.com/overview-of-key-findings/  Some of the recognition AIME has received in recent years includes:  1) 2022 - “Top 100 Leaders in Education” award conferred at the Education 2.0 Conference in Las Vegas, USA 2) 2021 - Honourable Mentions at Fast Company’s “World Changing Ideas in Education” for AIME’s IMAGI-NATION{TV} 3) 2021 - “Gold Award for Social Impact” for AIME’s IMAGI-NATION{University} conferred at the Good Design Awards, Australia 4) 2020 - AIME invited to “UNESCO’s Global Education Coalition” to help combat the challenge of COVID-19 disrupting education 5) 2019 - “Top 50 Organisations in Education” award conferred at the Global Forum for Education & Learning in Dubai, UAE Durability of Impact  We believe deeply that our focus on a 10 year horizon and our drive towards zeroing in on 3 key pillars listed below will ensure durability of impact:  1) Capacity building for 1 Billion+ humans as Mentors 2) Systems change projects 3) Suite of tools left behind  This gives us a focused spine for the work of IMAGI-NATION to beautifully and organically emerge. AIME is but 1 organisation of which thousands will enter IMAGI-NATION, including others who will be the ones that pick up the stage after the 10 years. We are hopeful for endless relational economies and networks spinning up, for a focus on imagination, for mentoring returning as our hero status, and that we have remembered just in time our natural intelligence, our role on earth to be a custodial species.  Through the intentional death strategy we hope to lead the world in reminding us that death is natural, that our organisations should be in relation and we’ll model a way to work together intentionally to accelerate impact and change systemically.  We think this systems frame we have developed has the necessary complexity to work with the world, and all of our species, and to move and dance and weave and to release a quality of action and behaviour that can save humanity from itself just in the nick of time and release a much richer way of networking our systems into our state of being. Emergence as a design frame  Whilst we are confident we can achieve what we have set out, we believe we will achieve a lot more than our original plans even as there is a LOT of space for emergence. We believe we have a frame and spine for the work and that the body can grow as it should. We have been inspired by mycelium as a network design pattern and will ensure our network has the capacity and space for regeneration and rich health through adaptability throughout the next 10 years. We are at pains to not contain the impact structure as we set out on this next quest; however, our 100+ page IMPACT book will showcase the rich modelling pre-work we have done on the strong frameworks with ample flexibility to ensure there is space for emergence and that we’re adapting with the changing needs of the ecosystem. Project Phases  We are building towards the launch of IMAGI-NATION in August 2023. We have already secured our physical IMAGI-NATION{Factory} in Sydney, Australia. We have also secured our first IMAGI-NATION{Embassy} which will hit the road by December 2022 to start directing young people towards IMAGI-NATION via our ‘kindness economy’ connections. We have built the design of IMAGI-NATION with JosephMark and the first phase of funding from the US$100M will go to completing the build which we have AU$1M left to build on. We have already invested AU$500K into the build that we received as part of our Australian Federal Government funding in 2022. We have commenced our system wide projects listed earlier in the document, our HUMAN/KIND/\\/KIND\HUMAN 5 year campaign launches in November 2022 at the Sunrise Festival in Australia and our work with Music Festivals have commenced with the world’s first introduction of Very Important Kind People (VIKP) tickets. We are a year into our work on the Nature Fund with Ethic and the Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs with the Fund set to come to life in 2023. Regarding MentorClass, we are in conversations with some of the world’s leading online education providers (such as Khan Academy) to jointly discover and understand how we could share our knowledge through existing platforms and mechanisms in a deep, rich manner. We don’t want to build our own empires, but lift the system at large. The Professors, our Mentoring TV show for teenagers and parents, will be shared with the network at the end of 2022 and we’ve completed the development of the show. IMAGINE Film is being shared with networks to bring Indigenous Knowledge to the general public, and is being shared with networks at the end of 2022. Our global film festival is set to open through our Cinema in 2023 with a potential partnership on the horizon with Industrial Light and Magic, the group behind the Star Wars series & several others. Hoodie Economics, the book about our theory of change by our founder Jack Manning Bancroft will be published and released worldwide by Hardie Grant in September 2023. Our IMAGI-NATION{Gallery} global campaign with M&C Saatchi will commence once IMAGI-NATION has opened for the holiday season of 2023.  In the build up to IMAGI-NATION opening we will be following the first IMAGI-NATION{Embassy} and creating a short documentary film as a way to let the world know IMAGI-NATION is open, AND we are not looking for one big bang moment, we’ll keep working in relation with the network we have, keep making unlikely connections, and over the next 10 years we are deeply confident in delivering on what we have laid out and much more for planet earth.   Testimonials from some of our Partners  The following include some of our ecosystem partners to bring to life this 10 year vision  1) Go1 “The few months that we’ve engaged with AIME have already shifted our view of what learning and mentoring could be. We’ve moved from a simple ask for training from AIME to setting our sights on One Billion mentors with AIME. More than a number, this is our chance to put intelligence from outside the margins to the forefront of workplace training. Together, we can encourage people to get offline, engage with kids and then use the tools available to them to learn from and with each other”. - Ben Richardson, Chief Content Officer | Go1 2) Thread Together “Thread Together is driving social change through environmental action. By partnering with the fashion industry in Australia, we are creating a blue-print to scale by diverting brand new, unsold clothing from landfill and giving these clothes to vulnerable and marginalised people who find themselves experiencing hardship. It’s no secret that clothes have more than practical functions. Clothes are also used as forms of self-expression that can signal status, individuality and personal taste. What we wear can influence how others see us, but what’s perhaps less obvious is how it can affect our own sense of self. Thread Together is thrilled to partner with AIME and play our part to keep clothing in circulation at its highest value. We are really looking forward to the ReclAIMEd Global Festival, a global first.”  - Anthony Chesler, CEO | Thread Together 3) Learning Planet “It's a privilege to partner with AIME on the Imagination circle, exploring Imagination for the transformation of Education. AIME inspires us as a leader of systems change, by pushing unlikely connections, hacking traditional systems, trusting youth, and weaving imagination throughout their work.” - Ed Stevenette, Program Manager | Learning Planet Institute 4) 4:08 Productions "At 4:08 Productions we create stories to inspire, educate, entertain, and incite positive change. We cannot accomplish this, at the level we aspire to, without groundbreaking partners like AIME.  4:08 Productions is currently working with AIME to develop, and bring to life, the animated feature film "IMAGINE." We are honoured to help shine light on the far-too-often marginalised voices, knowledge, and cultural importance of Indigenous people.  Through our partnership with AIME, we will imbue IMAGINE's narrative with powerful systems of Indigenous knowledge, to help unlock our imaginations, and to build a healthier, happier, and more sustainable planet. The end result will be a wildly compelling animated feature film that will be shared for decades to come. 4:08 Productions is a proud partner of AIME and all that they are doing to make a more compassionate, thoughtful, playful and kinder planet." - Nic Davis, Founder & CEO | 4:08 Productions 5) Festival Partners re Kindness Economy “At Fuzzy we are always on the lookout for partners that understand our core business which is all about connection. Partnering with AIME on the Festivals Kindness Initiative helped celebrate our customers and connect them with each other.” - Adelle Robinson, Managing Director | Fuzzy  “At Untitled Group, our core ethos is to prioritise areas of social change. As a team, we are very excited to be collaborating with AIME to build bridges with different communities, engage with Indigenous thinking and take creative action. Throughout the years, we have deepened our partnership with AIME as a KindFest, as well as through other social impact initiatives, such as ticket donations, site activations, and events, internships, and mentorship. The opportunity to participate in the Kindness Economy at Beyond the Valley this year has been an incredible experience, and we look forward to continuing to support AIME into the future.”  - Fil Palermo, Managing Director | Untitled Group  “Sunrise is our flagship creativity and startup festival. Our aim is to change Australian culture, and AIME is central to helping us to shape a more kind and human experience. At first, we approached Jack to keynote, and from there, we expanded our partnership to launching HUMAN\KIND\//\KIND/HUMAN. The Sunrise event is richer for having kindness presented in such a connected way, and we look forward to being part of AIME's 5-year vision to share as much kindness in this world as possible." - Joel Connolly, Creative Director & Head of Blackbird Foundation | Blackbird  6) supermetahumanfutures.  “supermetahumanfutures. is the twenty-first-century brand and creative network built to catapult the world's most radical to escape velocity. A new way; supermetahumanfutures. is purpose-led, network-driven and technology-enabled, exclusively focused on uniting the world’s bleeding-edge science, frontier technology, capital resources, and global entertainment talent to create a more inclusive, equitable and sustainable world. supermetahumanfutures. partners with one-of-ones, those outside the edges to scale ventures with the potential to disrupt multiple industries, shatter twentieth-century monocultural futures and regeneratively capture cultural and economic value, transforming the human experience, on this planet, and beyond. Co-Founder Ryan Tomlinson states ‘’As we started to embark on shaping how supermetahumanfutures. is building communities and scaling atomic networks of influence all over the world and understanding what AIME is intended to do, my Co-Founder, Jay Kossifos and I asked Jack, "What is it that we can we do together, to build a fairer world?". He was like, "You guys supercharge radical founders, right? Pick me." That makes perfect sense and that's what we're going to do.” - Ryan Tomlinson, Co-Founder | supermetahumanfutures.  Details on the USD$100M Non-Profits / charities are often asked “how are you going to be sustainable?” The answer to the question is that we are not trying to be sustainable forever, but for the next 10 years. And the $100M funding we raise will cover our costs for the entire duration.  Our main expenditure is focused on ● the people we employ to activate the relational network globally, ● the development of the tools to shape systemic change, ● the travel to move people around to make unlikely connections, and ● the running of the IMAGI-NATION platform.  A 10 year strategic spend that will change the way the world works and how it is networked; an investment in the future we have described. We'll secure US$100M before October 2023, so when we launch IMAGI-NATION we can be completely relational in our network patterns, moving money to the side, and show what can happen with a small injection of, for example, US$10M from 10 separate donors.  This is how 1 billion people can be activated as mentors, how systems can be shifted, and how tools in the shape of rich story can be left behind for the benefit of the human race forever.  Our network that attended the IMAGI-NATION event in October this year has pushed us past the starting line. Now it's your chance to turn interest into action and build a fairer world with us.   