Dear (insert),  We are writing to you with a proposal to scale our mentoring tools to alleviate educational inequity for 10,000 Indigenous high school students by 2024, and in the process to unlock a key potential lever to alleviate educational inequity for every Indigenous high school student in the following years.  This proposal looks at AIME delivering it’s mentoring methodology through four key channels and audiences: ● University students ● Teachers ● School Students ● Digital  The art of AIME’s particular fashion of mentoring is called structured mentoring, it allows us to scale our impact because we have created lessons/curriculum that guide the mentoring experience, that has allowed us to scale from traditional one to one mentoring models like Big Brother Big Sister, to our model which allows for 1 physical mentor to help coordinate the mentoring experience for up to 100 students and sometimes more.  The curriculum we have developed since 2005, having tested and refined over 300+ one hour lessons, is an imagination curriculum. We see imagination as the beginning of all human thought, and as Einstein said we see it as more important than knowledge. We don’t think it’s some strange esoteric concept, we see it as practical, as trainable, and as teachable. And when it is activated we see it as the doorway to help educators and mentors open their lens to reach the students currently unactivated who are sitting outside the margins.  With diligence and focus on our curriculum, with creating a youth culture symbol for young people which has created a suite of national volunteers desperate for AIME at university campuses, we have been able to find a way to minimise the costs of our university campus model by having university students deliver the model as student chapter leaders, volunteer led, gaining priceless leadership experience as they activate the 1-100 model on their campus.  As such this proposal is asking for less funding for our on university campus delivery model, we are asking for $2M a year to support a minimum of 30 university campuses in Australia to reach 3000 Indigenous high school students per annum by 2024, and support their transition through school and into employment, university or further training.  The area of investment we are looking for is in AIME taking it’s proven and established mentoring and imagination into the heartland battleground of educational inequity. The school. And we aren’t looking to employ AIME mentors in schools. We have our eyes set on every school in the country where Indigenous high school students are located, and eventually every school where a student is outside the margins and not reaching their full potential.  Our proposal is to train two key cohorts as mentors, to focus a pilot over three years on these two key cohorts and then to scale this to every school across Australia.  Our key cohorts are teachers and school students and we’ll talk to the teacher group first then the school student model.  Let us say before progressing that this is not us creating something new, the infrastructure to train teachers as mentors, and school students as mentors is currently taking place in IMAGI-NATION {University} and we will share more details of the early case studies of this work in this proposal.  This proposal highlights the potential to gather a world class ecosystem around the delivery of AIME’s mentoring methodology, imagination curriculum directly into schools via teachers and school students themselves.  On the teacher front we propose a focused project that looks at 30-50 schools with 100 Indigenous students or more in them, mainly in rural and remote locations. To work with at least 3000 Indigenous high school students. We propose enrolling 5 teachers per school into IMAGI-NATION {University} to:  ● Teach AIME imagination lessons which can make learning relevant for the Indigenous students and help widen the margins so the students see themselves and how they fit into education. Alongside AIME’s mentor class lessons the objective of this is to increase: ○ School completion ○ Self worth of the student eradicating shame  Both of these are proven skills of AIME  ● Run Pop up IMAGI-NATION {Factories} on the last friday of every month - Using Imagination and Bridge Building to bring the local community into the school to activate the police officers, the employers, the media, local government, university and training representatives people that would often be on the other side of the tracks of these students. The objective of which is to: ○ Prevent crime, negative outcomes ○ Create a pathway for employment, further training  We are asking for $2M per year to support the teacher component pilot program delivery.  As mentioned, once we can hopefully prove the evidence of this outcome we are looking to share the IMAGI-NATION {University} opportunity with every teacher in Australia.   We have been successful in an ARC funding grant, led by University of Sydney, University of Queensland and consortium, to codify AIME’s knowledge into an Imagination Education Pedagogical Framework (IEPF) for use by teachers in schools.   And we are in conversations with Social Ventures Australia (SVA), Menzies Foundation, Schools Plus, Stronger Smarter Institute and other key partners to all join the teacher coalition work over the next 3 years.  The funding will be used to focus on the learning & technology experience in IMAGI-NATION {University} & the development of the Imagination Curriculum & Mentor Class.  The third channel we are looking to activate is to work directly with Indigenous high school and primary school students to change their outcomes and the shape and culture of schools from the inside out. This is a research based response responding to a petition from over 1000 Indigenous high school students who signed onto the Imagination Declaration authored to the Prime Minister and Education Minister.  Via IMAGI-NATION {University} we want to give 3000 Indigenous school students per year the chance to take the stage and show they are not the problem to be fixed but the solution.  We would like $1M per year to activate the support for our course coordinators, and the development of employment outcomes and measurement of impact for this pathway.  Finally we proved the potential for digital mentoring delivery via IMAGI-NATION {TV} and would like $500K per year to support the further development of the delivery of our TV mentoring experience and radio mentoring experience to reach 500 Indigenous school students each per year - 1000 in total.  The funding will go towards the production, technology, relationship management of the experience.  We would also like $500K to go towards research and impact across these different channels of our mentoring work from 2022-24.  We look forward to you working with us to alleviate educational inequity for 10,000 Indigenous school students a year by 2024 and establishing an evidence based framework that can than see AIME’s mentoring tools shared with every teacher and student in Australia to have a chance to alleviate education inequity for Indigenous students and other marginalised youth at scale for the betterment of the whole nation.  We look forward to walking with you,  Jack MB AIME Founder 