 "text": " Welcome everybody to a very long story that we've all been a part of. A story of life, of a very very very very tiny rock which lives in a very very very big big big big big universe. And where we've landed on it, spinning around. Over the last 60, 70, 80, 90 thousand years that we've continued life on the rock that I come from in Australia, we've managed to sustain a system that has worked in harmony with nature, in the centre. A system that's managed to navigate an ice age 20,000 years ago. And in the last couple of centuries around the world, we've had very significant expansion of colonial empires go around and try and bring the world into the realms of kings and queens. Castles were built, and outside the castles were a lot of people excluded, and every other species. Seven million species from around planet Earth. Twenty billion billion other animals, individual animals we share this rock with. And as a species, our life on this Earth fundamentally, in our hearts, as human beings, we're not a sick species. We're a kind species. We're not a sick species. We're a kind species. We're a translator. Our job is to sit custodially in between all the other species. To make sense, to make meaning, to move together. We experience joy. We laugh as a species. It's awesome. We have the capacity to be unbelievably imaginative. It's in us. It's inbuilt. We have the ability to see trillions of light years away with our eyes. When we look up to the furthest known galaxy, trillions of light years away. The issue is not with what's inbuilt in our system. The issue is not with us and what we've inherited as a being and as a species. We're really clever. We're very grounded and we have the ability to relate to each other and all the other beings on Earth. The challenge is with the networks we've inherited, which in the last 200 years with colonial empires separated us and then with the introduction of modern capital in the form of a dollar, we've just like raced and raced and raced and raced and raced and raced towards the transaction and we've forgotten joy, kindness and nature. We've forgotten longer lenses of understanding that we've been around for at least 70,000 years continuously as a species and for time before that. And then there's been dinosaurs, like right here where I'm standing, there were dinosaurs. There were actually dinosaurs. There was just water and then land and then little goober things came out like mycelium and this like sprouted life. Like what the actual... It's a gnarly,narly gnarly gnarly evolution of life that we're a part of and we are a tiny blip of energy in that long line. The challenges in our modern networks that we've developed and particularly the last you know 20 years as we started to run into the internet is we've built these network patterns which put us as the hero. I, me, follow me, listen to me. And in doing that, we put ourselves in this place of authorship that we own life. Owners of the land, owners of a house, owners of our life, owners of our destiny. We don't own anything. There's a rock, there's us, we live, we die. There's energy as a constant. We have these skin suits for a little bit and then we work out how to move around with it. And at the moment, what we've built with a bunch of our network platforms online, isolate into the tiny part of the face and focus a lot on the skin. We have a genius level imagination at age five. focus a lot on the skin. We have a genius level imagination at age five. By age 35 it's three percent of us have a genius level imagination. We're losing our ability to see and when we can't see we can't relate to each other. So what we've built over the last 20 years is a network that looks to restore the relational nodes between each other and between nature across the divides of inside and outside the margins across the divides of nation-states which guess what were made up and made space for us to relate to each other and in those relations in that exchange of time knowledge and opportunities when we give give give and we receive, receive. We build strength into our network again, a relational network that's webbed together. Eight billion of us thinking about how we work in relation with what's come before, what is and what will be. We can solve any challenge. Like, I have no question that we can solve any challenge of how we navigate life on Earth. There is absolutely, absolutely no denial that the climate change challenge and the food shortage challenges and the automation challenges that we've got are some of the most significant complex systemic challenges we have ever met. The only way we will meet them is with systemic solutions and the only way we can access systemic solutions is by being in relation. If we are not in relation we cannot garner the collective imagination needed, the collective insight to design a system that is healthy for us all and I'm not just talking about humans, about the seven million other species that we share the rock with. So with that we thought we'd roll out a new country for the world, a space in between called imagination. A space that can connect us to not what we know and who we know but what we don't know and who we don't know. And what we're going to do now is we're going to take you on a tour of imagination. So how do you design a country from the beginning? How do you play into this very gnarly land of verses that a lot of people are playing God with around the world? How do you go into the development of a network state and do it in a way which doesn't build another empire? Well, we've firstly tried to do it by grounding ourselves in relation to where we are. So for 20 years we've built relational networks around the world. So we're place-based in real spaces with real people. We've learnt over 20 years about us as a species and from all of that collective intelligence from inside and outside the margins we've fused the DNA of this country imagination. We've then looked to governance and the governance we've looked to is nature. All of the intellectual property inside imagination will go back to nature to re-establish song lines for us as a species. And then we've looked to our longer systems, our indigenous knowledge systems, to think about what impact looks like. And we've focused in on the node in the network, the energy between us, as our key measurement system of what we're going to look at inside imagination. It's not about what we do. It's not about what we achieve. It's not about what we achieve. It's about being. And to get from a place where we've inherited this gnarly transactional playground where we're suddenly told that we need to accept that our attention span is less than eight seconds and that we digest everything in point zero one seconds and our kids should just suddenly sit on screens forever and we should rush towards this distracted dystopia where suddenly the earth burns and we've got our head in our screens and we've built in our verses some other reality of nature that we can touch and we can smell and we can feel while we're sitting in our underpants in our garage instead of running towards that reality I'd like to live on earth with you. I'd like to live in the real magic of earth which is a drop of water falling from one leaf to another. I'd like to live in the genius of looking at the clouds, the magic of our river runs, the magic of the majesty of life here underneath us, underneath our feet right now, core of lava burning. Magic, total magic everywhere. We have designed imagination to be able to house a network of networks from around the world, to take groups from inside the margins who are trying to shift from transactions to relations, to those that have been excluded outside, and to fuse them together in a number of different melting pots. What you can now see is the overview map of imagination, and we're going to talk through very quickly how that movement will occur and how the translation is going to happen of all of these networks of networks coming together. In the bottom right hand corner is where the relational economy sits and the core groups of that will be activated by the deployment of visas. The first five visas that we're going to roll out are going to allow indigenous people and indigenous groups to move from way outside the economy to the start of the design economy by becoming accredited as indigenous knowledge systems labs for schools and particularly those marginalized schools around the world we're going to give them the opportunity to move into a central part of the economy as imagination labs in real time solving some of the economy as imagination labs, in real time solving some of the biggest complex system challenges that we have, being fed to them in this economy, activating their knowledge in real time. For organizations around the world that are struggling to work out with all of this macro challenges and all of these macro contexts, how to be relevant, we're gonna help those organizations transition to becoming joy corporations and being in relation across the fields of imagination, mentoring and custodianship. Citizens looking to embark on change, we're going to support them to take on a systems change view and to be able to move as systems change citizens in relation. And finally, at the epicentre of this whole economy will be Indigenous young people and other young people marginalised, which includes every young person who has been born into this climate disaster that we are staring down. For people looking for hope, for young people looking for direction, for a pathway to move from protest into action, we are going to give them the opportunity to become imagination presidents and establish custodial economies once more, to stimulate economic movement around custodianship and relationships with nature. There will be a million young people that have the opportunity to become custodial presidents. And across the other four visa types, we're looking to accredit a thousand joy corporations, a thousand Indigenous knowledge systems labs, a thousand imagination labs in the form of schools, a thousand systems change citizens. They form the heart of the commencement of this relational economy through imagination which will all be placed based around planet earth. From that relational economy we see the seeding of ideas that can lead to significant systemic change and then we accelerate that in our systems change studio. There will be residencies of projects from around the world that are working on some of the biggest challenges of our time over the course of the next decade. Be it from solving the plastic challenge to working out how to harness the power of the sun potentially in ways we haven't even touched yet as a species. Through the nature-based realizations and nature-based projects and using the best of technology to find ourselves back into relation onto the way that we relate to outer space and relate to our intelligence back on planet earth from the systems change studio projects we will then take them to incubate in the tool shed and in the tool shed is when we will be creating big texts that can last forever the whole journey inside imagination is focused on the creation of books. The five visa types involved in the relational economy, the joy corpse and the schools and the rest, will be working on how-to manuals and each year we'll be publishing a set of how-to manuals focusing on the process of failure, on what hasn't worked. In the systems change studio we'll be getting individual case studies around all of those projects in the form of books and then across the knowledge fields of imagination, custodianship and mentoring will be collectively contributing to the creation of 10 books over the course of the 10 years of imagination's lifespan the other tools will be working on in the tool sheds of feature films using the best of virtual production to then democratize our capacity to tell big rich stories and pass on knowledge in the form of tools. In terms of governance, when you look up towards the moon, that's where you see the imagination circle, which we've founded and established with a group called Learning Planet from France. And we have organizations gathering from around the world to try and center imagination in every classroom. That collective provides guidance for us around the big macro concept of imagination and is working with us to see a world where we see universal imagination for humanity. In the custodianship circle, that's where our first 150 citizens will sit and those custodians have made the commitment to make sure this organisation, this network of networks will be shepherded as effectively as we can over the course of the next decade. The mentoring circle will be supported by women from around the world who have been gathering over the last year to make their commitment to imagination and then to the many years after imagination finishes up as a network. In the sunset you'll see our commitment towards intentional death, towards working to a place where imagination finishes so we can then pass on the knowledge and the tools and above the sunset you see the directory. For every graduate of imagination they will be connected to the directory for life and will be able to pass on this intergenerational network health and wealth. And finally in the sun if all of this work happens and all of this accreditation and all this shifting to relationships moves but we cannot move our financial relationship to nature then it will be worth nothing. We are extremely focused when you look up towards the sun on making sure that we can translate all of this intellectual property and all of this work back to nature to move our financial relationship with nature to center nature in our economies once more and that is the role of the sun and the nature fund, which will provide the ultimate scorecard for imagination. So that's the two dimensional map. Let's go check out what it looks like in 3D. Let's go check out maybe the river runs and jump straight into what the world of imagination looks like. This is it. Over there you can see the river runs and the river runs are your accreditation pathways. So you can go through those river runs if you're working to become an Indigenous Knowledge Systems Lab or you're working to be a Joy Corp or an Imagination Lab as a school. So that's where you're going to go and access those and you'll unlock points along the way which will then take you to not the Reserve Bank, the Reserved Bank to stimulate service and relations. So you'll be able to unlock digital hoodies through your river runs and that will be part of your accreditation pathway and then we will stimulate the economy with some physical hoodies like this one, Story, that will give you the chance to come on global tours with us around the world as a troop and light up cities as imagination vortexes and really activate places and spaces so we can move in relation again. Let's jump from the Reserve Bank over to your passport. This is your anchor point. An economy without a translation or a place for transaction is just operating in the ephemeral, which again has been some of the challenges for our web-based economies so far. We haven't been able to translate it back to planet Earth. It's some of our systems change challenges from the mystic to the real, or from the real to the mystic. This passport is the reputational credit inside this economy and this passport can be traded. You can go to the meeting place and you can unlock jobs, you can offer opportunities, you can unlock connections, you can unlock knowledge and with this passport you then hack the traditional CV. You can be a 13 year old in a remote community somewhere around the world where there isn't a high school and you can go and establish a custodial economic project and from that custodial economic project you can then trade that in imagination and outside and get employment from someone working on how to make life in space healthier for life on earth. You can hack and jump the system. We can't imagine as grown-ups because we're distracted not because our eyes can't see trillions of years away. So what we need to do is we need to ask ourselves some pretty serious questions about the default settings we have inherited right now in terms of our relational health. And if you want to solve climate change, if you want to solve the challenges around our economies, if you want to look at ways that we can navigate food shortages, if you want to look at the ways that we're going to be through this generation, able to sustain human life in a healthier way, if you are not willing to ask yourself what you have accepted as the default settings and what you are patterned to develop and keep perpetuating every single day, then nothing's going to change. Unless we can move our shift from money and me to nature in the way that our capital moves, it won't change. Unless we can move from what secrets do I keep that Adam Smith taught us in the tiny little bit of keeping our profits in our commodities by holding our secrets of the trade. Unless we can go from holding our secrets to giving knowledge, not going to happen. And unless we can activate our imagination by not being distracted, we're not going to see the map. And every solution that comes by that's systemic, we're going to go, oh, too complex. Oh, I need another sentence in the document. And we'll spin and spin and spin and for seven, 10, 20, 30 thirty years we'll write about the plans of how it can happen because we couldn't collectively imagine how to apply it. We didn't have the courage because of our fear of our individual reputation to act because we were acting individually not in relation and when you move in relation there isn't a fear there's a knowing that what will come next will be an offer that you have to respond to collectively. And so you move as a troop, you sing as song, you move as a theatre, you move in synchronicity with life. Now we're going to look at how the impact works in imagination. So if you look on this blackboard now, we're going to turn this into something many of you may know, a flight map. So this is all the flights that fly around planet Earth in one year. Let's take away all the flights for now and just get back to a flat picture of the Earth. What we're building in imagination is thousands of imagination embassies to live on after we are gone. Thousands of embassies for relational economies to move, for exchange. So let's start with those five that we spoke about at the start. Let's put a pin over here in Singapore for a joy corp. Let's put a pin over here in New York for an imagination lab school. an imagination lab school. Let's put a pin over here in Montreux for a connective point for a billionaire who wants to reinvest in nature-based finance. Let's put a pin in Kalgoorlie for a custodial president and then let's put a pin in Alaska for an indigenous knowledge Systems Lab. Okay, now you can see next to these five entities, their accreditation scores going up right now. For example, the Joy Corp has just secured themselves a magician, the first magician they've ever employed. That Indigenous Knowledge Systems Lab in Alaska has just taken on a contract to look at regenerative finance being anchored to the whales and the movement of the whales. Over there we've got with the imagination school in New York they've just taken on a partnership to work out how life in outer space can be linked to the space junk that's there and clean up the 20,000 pieces of space junk that are currently moving around in orbit outside of our earth bring those elements back to Earth and build a school in places where there aren't schools and restart the next version of Imagination Labs. All of these activities are happening in synchronicity. Where the power is going to be is when the flight happens in between, when the relations happen in between, which you'll see visualising now. And then throw five more pins on here and another five and another five and another five and we keep upping from a factor of five and we see the Dunbar effect and then we see the Dunbar effect at scale and that's how our relational economy is going to help enhance the life that we've got on earth and that's how we take Indigenous systems thinking from the back of the design queue to the front of the design queue. That's the essence of our work in imagination. Now you might be wondering, looking at this chalkboard, how you take all that data and then translate it into concrete impact reporting. Now we all love numbers, but numbers without context, without story, we end up with externalities and offsets. So we're gonna take this data of all of the collective impact of these organisations going through imagination and we're also going to measure the default settings and from that relational goop we're going to plug that into an image. Now this is an image that you might go okay I can understand this if I'm in some gallery or on some psychedelic trip. Now you're seeing the data being filled in. Number of magicians, the potential economic value of that Alaskan Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs cracking the whale indicator score. The space junk removed from outer space. It has been our pleasure to showcase for you this big long song that will be created in imagination over the course of a decade and we are so excited to see the potential of humanity unleashed, to see the biggest prize that we have yet to tap into, the largest possible source of collective intelligence for us all. When we include those from outside the margins in the right place at the start of the design queue, when we include nature in our design pathways. When we centre nature back into our economy. And we can't wait to see 10 years from now when a thousand Indigenous Knowledge Systems labs sit around the world. When a million young people have activated custodial economies and shown us a way forward. When a thousand cities and councils have been accredited as Joy Corporation centring imagination, custodianship and mentoring. When a thousand cities and councils have been accredited as joy corporations centering imagination, custodianship and mentoring. When a thousand other organizations have centered joy in their work and been patented in relation again as joy corps. When a thousand schools have become imagination labs. When a thousand citizens have taken on the mindset of systems change citizens and applied cross-hatching pathways so we've seen this multiplicity of work seeing huge long-term impact for us all. When a thousand universities have been embedded as mentoring homes where we're reaching out as mentors to local high school kids, to our most marginal kids, creating that cross-hatching across the divides of what have separated us in the past. Where a thousand very important kind people have been recognized as heroes around the world by a thousand kind fests. When a thousand art galleries have created permanent exhibitions of imagination galleries showcasing reclaimed solutions so we can see practical hope. We can't wait to see that happen. We can't wait to see the 50 books that are created from imagination. The 50 texts that we'll be living on at the end of this journey. Across the how-to pathways when people share how to become a joy corp how to establish a custodial economy as an imagination president the ip shared openly and freely and intentionally for generations to come mentoring passed on intentionally in tools in big story we'll make films we'll share recordings we'll make comic books and we'll leave behind rich texts openly and freely we'll leave behind open source the code of imagination and we'll leave behind a directory that flight map of all of these relational hotspots all these imaginational embassies connected for every citizen that's been a part of imagination will have access to that directory for their families forever and so we'll protect relational economics and we will centre and support everyone on planet earth and give us a lab for humanity that over the course of a decade leads to us solving some of the biggest challenges of our time. We're deeply thankful and honoured for the opportunity to do this work and we know we cannot do it without imagination being a network of networks. AIM has built this to pass it on. we've built a dome for the earth because that's what mentors do custodians work for us all and we give give into a network and this is our gift to humankind and we are very excited to support shepherd and then be hopefully helpful gardeners and mentors along the way of the imagination platform and we can't wait to see what you all us all bring to life together over the course of the next decade and beyond. Thank you so much for opening your imagination, for being open to shifting your default settings from transaction to relation, from thinking about how we invest in energy together and focusing on the action to change things and collectively we are so excited to see what happens over the horizon. Welcome to imagination. Now, let's get to work. you",    