Dear Billionaires,  I’m Jack, the founder of AIME, a global Indigenous-led systems change movement centring custodianship, mentoring and imagination in order to solve the greatest challenges of our times and to design a healthier set of networks and systems for all life on earth, including for our more-than-human kin.  I’m really excited to know you’re interested in partnering with us to shape IMAGI-NATION, our network-of-networks designed as a digital country, functioning as a lab for humanity to force multiply the systems change ideas into action, and to create tools that can lead to mass scale systemic change. This will be our gift to the world - a relational network that centres nature and models a different kind of economy for other nation states and our mainstream systems to plug into; and a series of enduring tools given to humanity to continue to shape the design of our lives into the future.  There is no question this is the design decade of our time as a species. This is the moment where we must find ways to fuse the best of our intelligence systems - both from inside the mainstream, and from those way outside our inherited systems. We must find ways to relate to the intelligence of the other 8.7 million species we share this rock with, and almost every group of human beings that wasn’t centred in the colonial movements but systemically excluded from the development of modern systems, and at the heart of this exclusion (also the bridge to the necessary redesign work ahead) is our Indigenous people across the earth, of which I am so deeply deeply lucky to be a part of. My family is Indigenous to Australia, and our people are the longest continuously surviving people on earth, going back 60,000+ years. That’s a long human lab of wisdom that we haven’t even scratched the surface of, let alone utilised the intelligence of, for designing healthier systems and patterns for all of us. And right now, we desperately need this intelligence.  We need to explore ways to foster genuine connections within ourselves as humans, amongst ourselves as a species and with all the more-than-human species kin, with whom we share our precious planet. The influence of historical empires and contemporary capitalism has driven a wedge between us humans, creating divisions based on social class and cutthroat competition; and has built walls to block off that innate human-nature connection. With athletes elevated as our idols, we have pushed ourselves to the limit, striving for greater achievements, greater speed, and superior intellect. Bigger, faster, stronger. Our focus was always on triumphing in life's challenges, vying to be the finest nation, the finest city, the most exceptional street, the top student, the ultimate parent, the finest individual. Yet, in this pursuit, we have distanced ourselves from our foundational anchor – nature. We have fled from our responsibility towards the very many other species that serve as a reminder of our role as custodians of the Earth. Instead, we have engaged in relentless rivalry, swinging the pendulum of progress back and forth, vacillating between being victors today and victims tomorrow, all while simmering discontent brewed within us.  Enter the “social” networks pushing the voice for all. Everyone is a creator, and a journalist, and everyone should always speak on everything; the more defined your views, the better, and then you get followers. So we created billions of mini-god mindsets. Hero. Human. Individual. Followers.  We have lost our way of relating to each other. We have lost our journalists, our space between, our sense-makers. We have given up our attention to turn it into an economy with these so-called social networks competing every day to take us deeper and deeper into our devices, distracting us from some of the most significant challenges we may have ever faced as a species staring down at us, including the loss of biodiversity, social inequity, the rise of artificial intelligence, our fractured democracies, pandemic recovery, food shortages and more.  All of these are interlinked, as all of us are. We are all in relation, to now, to before, to everything that will come, we genetically share code and scientifically share atoms1, and we all have approximately one atom inside us from every human being that has ever existed. We are much more than the looks of our faces or our skin tonality.  We must think systemically in our design and then have the relational strength to hold a vast systems map of as much of everything as our imagination can muster. Then we must apply deep systemic action and solutions, many of which will simply be to reclaim, restore, revive, to recycle. We have a planet with so much already. Our challenge is to move from extraction and transaction to relations with each other and our fellow species of earth, now and into the future.  With IMAGI-NATION we have A solution to help the world, not THE solution. We can’t have no individual hero journeys and we don’t want to be an empire. We understand our role is to remind, nudge, and shape. Still, we do know that there is a path ahead when we focus on our relations first, not with who we know and what we know, but with the knowledge and people beyond our margins. When we go to the unlikely spaces, we generate relational strength; the fusing of two distinct elements has invented so much of our chemistry magic on earth. To reignite the town square, we need a network powered by unlikely connections and not designing in isolation. We need a weaving of humans globally, a cross-hatch that can provide a luminescent flight map for relations to move beyond our streets, cities, and nations to a place between now and then, between us and them, between why and how. We must design with the best of the Internet to be able to model alternative economies for the exchange of value, to emancipate the inequity of access to intelligence for those stuck inside inherited systems and the inequity of access to the systemic design of our life on earth for those outside the margins.  We must focus on relating to each other and nature, anchoring each other in cross-pollinated nuclei, and concentrate on systemic design patterning to centre relational economics as a lever for advancement for all of us, with exchanges of time and knowledge, and opportunities. We must find ways of tethering our economies back to Nature, we must find ways of having our intellectual property returned to Nature. Our contribution to this playing field is that we have done the design work and will continue to do it. We have built a way already to translate from a contained economy back into Earth by rewarding the reputational credit gained in our relational economy into transactions with $$ and assets. We have designed a network focused on the converging, unlikely minds to think, design, and act.  We don’t have the time to wait and hack the system with our pseudo-intelligence that can critique. The critics must offer solutions or get moving with those with some. The solutions must be systemic, hatched from a cross-section of thinkers inside and outside the margins. The systems change projects must be able to scale across the earth by being developed into tools in the form of big stories and free accessible resources, and the custodians and thinkers that govern, design and shape this network should be the custodians of life on Earth. The Indigenous systems thinkers of our earth, the longest labs, and the governance circles should be filled with our mentors from all backgrounds, the experts, the wise ones, and those who have walked the walk. Those with imagination should also govern us, those who can harness a map and see the spaces between you and me and what we see and what we’ll be.  We started a movement back in 2005, and it’s called AIME. I founded the organisation at 19 years of age and have led it since then, to where we are now, with a reach in over 52 countries. From outside established systems, we have built unlikely connections as the spine of our network, using imagination and mentoring as our bridge between cultures and people from inside and outside the margins for ~20 years. As the design decade has beckoned us over the last few years, it’s seen us go as deep to design an influential network-of-networks built on the foundations of our years of work and thousands and thousands of years of intelligence grounding us before then. Over AIME’s existence, we’ve worked one relationship at a time, analog with real people, seeing the consequences of the world’s black and white divisions, observing the economic struggle, the sadness inside oversized city executive suites, the stuckness of many of our civilizations, the devastating lack of morality in the virus of the modern social networks and attention economies eating the soul of the fourth estate. We’ve watched the seas rising and seen that we must move for us-all, at scale, and we must find a way to harness the best of us, with the best of the Internet, for movement. So we have been building a nation for us-all, a digital country, for us to relate, design and apply systems change and to create tools for that knowledge to be shared at scale. We have centred the values on universal mentoring, imagination, and custodianship, and the economy is focused on units of exchange of time, knowledge, and opportunities, which we are measuring in the form of energy between us and nature. Our governance is in the circles of the wisdom of universal mentoring, imagination, and custodianship. Our ultimate governance body is nature, which has led to us designing IMAGI-NATION, and AIME as an organisation, to have intentional death; under 10 years from now, it will die, and as a network, we will intentionally give back to nature all of the IP to fuse songlines with modern economic valuation of libraries, galleries, and museums. You die, I die, plants, birds, insects, animals, we all die; and yet we design our systems and organisations and movements excluding this one certain fact of our lives.  This isn’t poetry or unanchored rhetoric.  We have raised over $150M in capital since 2005 and generated over $200M worth of in-kind capital movement in the network. We’ve made the linear impact of progression through school for marginalised youth and seen the flaws in isolated, contained predictive measurements that don’t have relation or circularity to their movement. Now, we are taking on the challenge in our impact measurement to fuse complexity and relationality, the art and science, the numbers and the story. We’ve had the hero stories on our network, competed and won, and realised that our superpower is to help harness the network of networks, to sit between the mystics and the mathematicians, the outcasts and the operators, the engineers, and the elephants.  To bring into relation as a species, we need to refresh our default settings and re-orient our relational context. We do that by mapping ourselves into relations with entities from the past, non-human worlds, and the future. To bring citizens into IMAGI-NATION, we will do a deep mapping process to these anchor points. From the deeper relational anchors of other species now and before and tomorrow, we can then look at not what to do or what we want to achieve but how to be, how to be a mentor, how to be a custodian, how to be in imagination. Essentially, how to be human!  The flow of the network focuses on the cycle as depicted in the image below, starting at the bottom right with relations forming the core of our relational economy, flowing into systems change projects, leading to the development of tools, which add value and impact back into our relational economy. We activate the network through our ‘embassy’ work, which involves the people in our network traveling together as a troupe and jointly creating ‘Big Story’ together in deep relation with the Country we are on. This is our way of activating the highest intelligence already present in the landscapes we travel through and help humans undergo the cognitive rewiring necessary so we can get better at designing with Nature in the centre of our systems. The network nucleus is focused on unlikely connections, which is the essence of our ~20 years of work, and then mainly to organise people, we’ve formed the framework of UNCx5 (Unlikely Connections x 5), which we’ve tested with systems thinkers around the world and applied in our network for the last five years deeply. Look at your hand, five digits; that’s the core group of citizens in IMAGI-NATION, no one-off profiles, all together, hatched across nations, identities, ages, skills, and workflows. To increase relations, the network moves like the incy wincy spider kid song intertwining our hands, and like Dunbar’s network2, out to a core group of around 150 imagined natural, human, knowledge connections.   We already have the people to be in IMAGI-NATION to drive the core. There is no fancy campaign needed. We’ve got a network of unlikely connections that can grow relationally and through the deep application of systems change projects and the relations that will emerge therefrom.  Our commitment once we hit the $100M is we won’t take another $, and with our intentional death strategy, we know we only need a finite amount of financial resources. This doesn’t mean we don’t want to see trillions of $ move in relation to nature and to powering intelligence from outside the margins to design our systems of tomorrow - it just means we’ll have what we need and then be directing you and the future partners to send your $ towards the systems change projects coming out of IMAGI-NATION.  In terms of the projected impact, there are so many unknowns in the scale, so let’s focus on the controllable impact pathways below. From there, we are really excited to share with you over time our R&D around how to visualise impact in real-time and the richness of this data and its impact as it comes in. You can already see our real time Hoodie Stock Exchange and latest Lightning impact report on the aimementoring.com website. For now, to finish, let's paint a short picture of our 10 key measurable impact projections, with the deeper systemic impact being a shift in humanity at our core to return to our custodial role. 1. 1000 Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs created and networked as the key decentralised knowledge network across all of Earth’s bio-regions. 2. 1000 young people from marginalised communities establishing custodial economies to return humankind back to Nature as IMAGI-NATION Presidents; This is part of a wider campaign to unlock 1 Million young people for nature. 3. 1000 organisations (corporations and governments) becoming JOY Corps to return to healthier patterns for their employees, communities and natural ecosystems. 4. 1000 schools becoming Imagination Labs and working on real-world projects. 5. 1000 systems change citizens unlocked and networked to solve world problems. 6. 1000 Very Important kind people activated in partnership with 100 festivals to shift the mainstream culture around VIPs 7. 1000 IMAGI-NATION Galleries showcasing action through imagination for systemic change 8. 100+ completed systems change projects showcasing action that is scalable across the earth 9. 50+ cities activated globally through our ‘Big Story’ as vibrant hubs of imagination, mentoring and custodianship 10. 50+ deep tools for humanity that can live on beyond our time and continue to shape the future of life on our planet Economically, we will unlock the case studies and breakthrough pathways to cover the $700B+ deficit in the nature market, forging the pathway towards properly valuing the $125 Trillion of ecosystem services Nature provides us, and the priceless value we derive from our healthy relationship with Nature that sustains and nurtures all life on our planet.  The time is now, let’s get to work.   Jack Manning Bancroft AIME CEO & Founder 