 "text": " Hello, my name is Professor Hope and I'm coming to you with a new news broadcast. This is my son Lion. Hi everybody. We're here to provide a path. A path towards centering nature for human beings across all of the economies. A path between the creatures that have been excluded, like us. Yeah. And the seven million other species that live on planet Earth. A path for you to find a way to centre joy, peace, hope, intelligence from other beings in relation with human beings. And not to make this all woo-woo, To actually work out how to do it economically, how to get the dollars to follow. And the prize here, and we're talking from straight inside the margins, the World Economic Forum says that the possibilities here for a nature-centred global economy is $125 trillion. Trillion. With a T. With a T. We've called this impact broadcast lightning because 3.5 billion years ago lightning struck on this earth to create the conditions for life we have today. So once a quarter we'll be coming to you and lightning will strike and we'll take you through the impact of what is happening in imagination for nature. As we stimulate Joy Corps for nature. Presidents for nature. Knowledge labs for nature. Systems change citizens for nature. Schools for nature. What else, kid? Nature for nature, too. Tools for nature. Sharing and passing on the IP and seeing our place in relation. And for now, to get this show moving, we're going to throw to the Hoodie Economic Stock Exchange. You over there, guys? Well, thank you very much, Professor Hope, and welcome everybody to the Hoodie Stock Exchange. So if you look over here, my colleague will point you to the moment that we are looking in this map. So this is a whole map of imagination and right there, what's that Professor Groove? Well, that's some hoodies. Hoodies. And have we got like the hoodies that looks like it's on a bridge somewhere between Earth and imagination. What are we calling that in the stock exchange? Oh yeah, those are the embassies. Embassies. So we'll point in and imagination what we're calling that the stock exchange those are the embassy embassy so we'll point in now we'll come in and the stock exchange we'll have a look at the Australian indigenous mentoring hoodie which has been running for 20 years and in 2024 you'll see we've got a pathway to a 4,000 indigenous kids across delivering mentor class around Australia doing school assembly spectaculars and you can see that energy lighten up in the hoodie over there and going in and lightening up imagination across schools in from Uluru all the way up to Darwin in the center of Australia and then always going also going up towards Cairns and some other big areas and then watch this space for what's dropping with Cool Australia in the last quarter of the year some tools finally for every school in the country, every single school, to be able to pick up mentoring and embed it. So you don't ever need a mentoring program like AIM anymore because the schools are mentoring and healthy themselves. Kids doing it, teachers doing it, well in relation and community. And we expect it will reach thousands of students. Yeah, could easily reach every student, Indigenous student across the country. So that's that one there in the stock exchange. Now we've got to keep this moving because the stocks in the financial report, they move very quickly. So you get confused, but we don't want to confuse people. That's the problem. All right, over there we see the systems change studio. Here's a featured project from waste to energy. A hundred Trash and Club members is a target for that project to try and work out how to take all of the waste problems and recycle it back into energy. And don't forget Professor Asterix we've got another 11 projects live. And we've got 13 each year projected in the forecast coming down the mountain. Now the 100 Trashin' Club you'll see is 5% of the way there to getting their club up and moving. We'll come back and check that one out and featured projects down the line. What's that over there? I think we've got the tool set. Oh yeah that's very to getting their club up and moving. We'll come back and check that one out and featured projects down the line. What's that over there? I think we've got the tool shed. Oh yeah, that's very different to the stocks up on the NASDAQ, the tool shed. Doesn't even sound like NASDAQ. We can see over this ecosystem, rich tools that last forever. Imagine film coming down the mountain, I heard a lot about that. I think that it's gonna be a little bit like Midnight Gospel meets Pixar without like, stealing all your attention and your information. We write it together. Yeah, that's very good. Co-created, collaborated, imagine film, 75% almost complete out next year with the professors. Oh my goodness, and guess what? A brand new streaming platform for the world, which isn't gonna take your data. Whoa, launching in October. In October, we're gonna launch the announcement of it coming into the world next year. And then we're gonna gather partners to work with us to create a platform that can be safe at home. You can watch with your kids, or kids that you can watch with your parents. We're not gonna ask for your information, your names, your knowledge. Nope, we don't care about that. Your identity. We'll just give you some tools, because that's what we're not going to ask for your information your names your knowledge nope we don't care your identity we'll just give you some tools because that's what we meant to do give give give a way to keep it anyway we're running up on time next up we've got action action you can see action on path we've got 15 action visas first ever joy corpse first ever indigenous knowledge systems lab seven out of 15 citizens there's 31 already applied with 15 positions available schools five stocks are down but they're coming up slowly in the 15. Citizens, there's 31 already applied with 15 positions available. Schools, five. Stocks are down but they're coming up slowly in the school category of bodies heading towards 15. And presidents, there's 18 exceptional ones already in the door who are vying for the positions for the first 15. We're on track. Wow. Next up we've got the moon where you'll see 27 existing custodians who are working relationally to power this network. We've got a pathway in the next forecast we'll be looking to come back and show you how we've supported the pathway for 150 custodians to make this network of network theirs by wearing this hoodie and powering it themselves for relations, action, time, knowledge, opportunities and moving capital to move the dial and move the way the world works. And I know we're trying to move fast but what about the end of the forecast? Or the end of the forecast, like where you want to go to? Which way? Like in nine years. Oh, in nine years, we'll be working our way back towards with the moon, having all of these custodians, 5,000 odd people who have been through this ecosystem, having all of their different networks together and being this relational embassy around the world. Wow. And we're also going to have those organizations pledge to die. Yeah taking on death pledges Joy Corps, custodians, other people so we start to have healthier ecosystems and that's what we're looking up with the sunset. Sunset stocks are up we've started the research, we've got Jenny who's in working with us as a systems change resident working on death. We've commissioned and created Professor Death, and then we've started to really bring into life the intentional death pledge with AIM, and then starting to socialize it and work with other people. Hoodie Economics is doing its thing, and people are talking about how to design with death. New organizations contemplating death every day. Every single day, death for a healthy life, for relational health. And then finally up into the sun, the big game, $125 trillion back to nature. Are we walking the talk? Well, we're starting it. Stocks are moving, the relational stocks are moving first. So we're returning people to custodianship. We see the weed in Australia. That's been a big project to get going, to get people moving in different directions. The first shareholders are coming in. We're three out of 20 that have signed up so far. We have a birthday party coming in October in Bondi Beach Australia. Stay tuned as we try and get 20 shareholders locked in and a million dollars secured to reforest an ocean. But most importantly we're going to track over the 10 years how those organisations intelligent lifts and hopefully we can then show a case study as to how IP can be returned to nature. That's some crazy movement charts. Yeah, if we can solve that IP back, then that opens up all the money and all the possibilities. Still on the bioregional credits, we've been doing some gnarly research with the Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs, and this is towards the end of the report, our final message for you today. We've landed what we think is a pathway towards bioregional health with one of our partner groups, the Guardians of the Earth. So head over to the other others, and you can see the stocks rising in knowledge, possibilities, and fusion. That's it from the Audio Economic Stock Exchange today. We're looking to improve the lives of billions of people, millions of other species, and unlock $125 trillion worth of wealth back to nature with this lab. Imagination for nature. Joy for nature. Schools for nature. Death for nature. Life for nature schools for nature death for nature life for nature imagination for nature that's it from the audio economic stock exchange thanks so much for joining us oh mate what's over there? Yeah, that's the embassy. Oh, that's fully sick. What's it do? Well, we're here to talk about an ad campaign. Well, really it's a call in, call out to all the principals, all the teachers that just really want your students dreams to live on. Oh yeah, dreams are so important to me. I love dreams because they make me feel like the impossible is possible. How do you feel about them? I love hearing people's dreams, Professor Rainbow. You know, like, I'm really keen to hear all those young people's dreams out there. I think if we can ask our young people to think about where their dreams come from, how did they land in their brain their mind, their body and what are they? What do they do? Do they inspire us? Do they guide us? Have we heard our parents dreams? Uncles, aunties' dreams? Cousins? What's your dream? Oh, my dream? My dream is to take that embassy for a spin, mate. Hey, let's do that when we finish this thing. But for real though, serious call out to all our principals, teachers, community people that want to dream with us, dream with the young people. Okay, the embassy's leaving. We've got to cut studio time. We've got no budget. Hey, all right, we've got to get going. Let's drive this embassy out to communities, to schools, to people. Keep the dream alive. Yeah mate, I already got the keys. Don't tell me twice. Let's do it. You've got to wonder what impact is. The moment you start to measure, you start to measure you start to exclude so we've been looking at this impact multi-dimensionally yes you have the hoodies you have the action the outcomes you have that monetary value you're chasing down, that 125 trillion dollars. And then you have life, story, the node in a network, the energy between people. That's what we are showing in this here message stick that we've had carved with the Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs. And we are gathering people once a quarter to have conversations around context, to sense make. What is impact? We could nail the scorecard, but will the world change? Only if we are in relation. So this stick reminds us each lightning episode to stop. To see the action. The systems change. The tools. All lighten up, we got nine different indicators here carved in so we still get the data the data is still there, nine columns, there they are and then we see the context through color and life, and then we see the context through color and life and then we hold this thing this tree this seed this beginning and end and we find ourselves in relation I'm Professor Blue and I'll be back quarterly with impact reports from the message stick. Thanks, Professor Blue. Gosh, it never ceases to amaze me how much knowledge he has. He's a very smart man. Well, the thing is, when you listen deeply, Lion, you realize it's not your knowledge. So he's just waiting, listening and holding that pressure and that space and it's not for a hero's journey, that knowledge. It's to pass it on to all of us so hopefully we wake up and listen. Right. Well, hopefully one day I can listen better. One of the great ways we can listen is by moving in embassy and moving together, spending time in other people's territories and working together. So this is the embassy report and it shares what we've been up to since the start of 2024 and then quarterly we'll update on how we've been moving an embassy to bring people together. So want to know where we've been? Yeah I do. Well we started the year in Costa Rica with a group of people coming together to try and work out what to do with moving the way finance works. So leaders from all across different fields from Oxford to Canada we had some of our Indigenous leaders there repping that playground. And then we moved on to a really deep, deep, deep, deep embassy in Uganda, where we had Indigenous leaders from all around the world. Tyson Yunkaporta was there from our team, and Stephanie Beck, and Arthur Little, and some really strong Indigenous leaders from back home in Australia. I know them. Yeah, and they came together to look at what an Indigenous commons could look like, Arthur Little and some really strong Indigenous leaders from back home in Australia. I know them. Yeah. And they came together to look at what an Indigenous commons could look like and what a world of Indigenous knowledge systems labs could look like in the future. And that's helped for our governance and our processes around the Indigenous knowledge systems labs. Want to know where else we've been? Did you go to Canada, Dad? Well, I didn't. I didn't. Professor Song went to Canada with Stephanie Beck and with John Davis and with Josh Waters. And they were there in embassy with Jacqueline Twilley from our team. We know her. Yeah. They were there to open the sister labs, the second ever Indigenous Knowledge Systems labs in the world with Melanie Goodchild and the crew over there. So that happened too. What else do you want to know? Well, did you go anywhere else around the world? I went to Carnegie Hall. What? Yeah. Carnegie Hall? Yeah, yeah, I went to Carnegie Hall. We got an award at Carnegie Hall, and we don't wanna like grand note the award piece, but in terms of embassy and relations, we had the crew from a very deep program that works with African-American people in the States and in New York and they gave us an award and said that they recognize our work around the world and they see the respect and the knowledge and the intelligence we have so we were there again with Arthur Little he was dancing up a storm and Nuki was there and we had young presidents, imagination presidents attending the UN nine young indigenous people Alongside, you know other leaders that were there. So yeah, we did that New York experience We had this guy Cesar who said hey Can I just come along and hang out with you and he came to Berkeley with us? What yeah Jack got a bit nervous because he hadn't puppeteered and sung live He was about to do it at this fundinging the Commons event. How did he go? Well, you got a really good pep talk from Cesar. Wow. So that helped. That does always help. Yeah, and then, um, want to know what else? Yes, I do, I do. We got to hang out with this lady who, like, knows how to talk to, um... Chimpanzees. What? Yeah. Chimpanzees. She talks to them? Yeah, yeah, she like talks, listens. What's her name? Jane Goodall. Jane. Now, I interviewed her at Sydney Town Hall, and I sat next to her, and she put her arm around me. And we were in embassy. Wow. Now, this isn't just all in my imagination. Do you want to see the evidence of it? I do, I do. If there's evidence, let's see it. We should enter some form of like um... Like a photo world or something. Like a world of photos. Yeah! A photo world. Wow, I wonder what that looks like. Okay, let's cross to the photo world but before we do, I hear you're going to bring us home in this lightning episode with something very special. Oh yeah, I've got a nice little surprise for everyone. Okay, well you take off and we'll go to... Photo World. And now the end is near And so we face the final curtain Now friends, we'll say it clear We'll state our case Of which we're certain. We've lived a life that's full. We've traveled each and every highway. And more, much more than this, we did it our own way. Regrets, we've had a few. But then again, too few to mention. We did what we had to do and saw it through without exemption. We planned each charted course, each careful step along the by way And more Much more than this We did it our way Yes, there were times We're sure you knew When we bit off More than we could chew but through it all when and we stood tall, and did it our way. We've loved, we've laughed and cried, we've had our fill, our share of losing and now as tears subside we find it all so amusing to think we did all that and may we say, definitely not, not in a shy way. Oh no, oh no not us, we did it our way. For what is a professor, what have we got? Professor, what have we got? If not ourselves, then we have not. To say that things we truly feel, And that the words of one who yields, The record shows We took the blows And did it our way We'll find a way if we keep doing it together And our way is us Us together, all the species together. The imagined, the real, the ones of the past, the ones of tomorrow. That ain't abstract, neither are we. What we've created is, and to break out of it, we need to do two things. Imagine the reality, and then make it real. This has been lightning. Boom. I'm still here. We did it guys. We did it our way. Just like the song. Yeah, just like the song. I love that manky valley. Yeah. Fuck.",    