Hello, I’m Jack, the founder of AIME, a relational systems change network to shift our systems to value custodianship, mentoring, imagination in order to solve the challenges of our time and design a healthier set of networks and systems for life on earth. I’m really excited to know you’re interested in partnering with us to shape a network of networks, a digital country, and a lab for humanity to force multiply the systems change ideas into action, and then into tools that can lead to mass scale. My commitment in this note is I’ll only show one image, no colours, no big visualisations, no art, just black words on white background. The depth of the story we have woven can come after this. I want to be concrete in translating the complexity of our work and potential. If you have received this letter, it’s because we are inviting you to be one of the first people in a new nation, IMAGI-NATION, and to be one of the critical systems players inside the network of networks. And/or because we are inviting you to be a partner, to walk this journey with us with your knowledge, your mentorship, and your financial capital to allow us to activate IMAGI-NATION as a relational economy at scale and then fuse the relations back into healthier patterns on earth. Specifically between August 23 and September 30 we will be hosting one on one partnering design sessions with you to fuse the relations needed to power this network of networks. At the end of this email is a list of partnership playgrounds. To start, we'll work through the challenge we have inherited, what we’ve learned at AIME over 20 years, and our proposed plan, and then isolate from the macro some of the key partnership levers and opportunities for you and people you know to be engaged to power this new country. There is no question this is the design decade of our time as a species. This is the moment where we must find ways to fuse the best of our intelligence inside our systems, with our intelligence way outside our inherited systems, the intelligence of the other 8.7 million species we share this rock with, and almost every group of human beings that wasn’t centred in the colonial movements, but systemically excluded from the development of modern systems, and at the heart of this exclusion is our Indigenous people across the earth, of which I am so deeply deeply lucky to be a part of. My family is Indigenous to Australia, and our people are the longest continuously surviving people on earth, 60,000+ years. That’s a long human lab of intelligence that we haven’t even scratched the surface of, let alone utilised the intelligence of. And right now, we need all the labs we can get. We also need to explore ways to foster genuine connections among ourselves. The influence of historical empires and contemporary capitalism has driven a wedge between us, creating divisions based on social class and cutthroat competition. With athletes elevated as our idols, we pushed ourselves to the limit, striving for greater achievements, greater speed, and superior intellect. Our focus was always on triumphing in life's challenges, vying to be the finest nation, the finest city, the most exceptional street, the top student, the ultimate parent, the finest individual. Yet, in this pursuit, we distanced ourselves from our foundational anchor – nature. We fled from the very species that serve as a reminder of our responsibility as custodians of the Earth. Instead, we engaged in relentless rivalry, swinging the pendulum of progress back and forth, vacillating between being victors today and victims tomorrow, all while simmering discontent brewed within us. Enter the “social” networks pushing the voice for all. Everyone is a creator, and a journalist, and everyone should always speak on everything; the more defined your views, the better, and then you get followers. So we created billions of mini-god mindsets. Hero. Human. Individual. Followers. We have lost our way to relating to each other, we have lost our journalists, our space between, and with these modern networks, we’ve given up our attention to become an economy, competing every day to take us deeper and deeper into our devices, distracted from some of the most significant challenges we may have ever faced as a species boring down on us in parallel, including climate change, social inequity, artificial intelligence, pandemic recovery and food shortages. All of these are interlinked, as all of us are. We are all in relation, to now, to before, to everything that will come, we genetically share code and scientifically share atoms1, and we all have approximately one atom inside us from every human being that has ever existed. We are much more than the looks of our faces or our skin tonality. We must think systemically in our design and then have the relational strength to hold a vast systems map of as much of everything as our imagination can muster. Then we must apply deep systemic action and solutions, many of which will simply be to reclaim, restore, revive, to recycle. We have a planet with so much already. Our challenge is to move from extraction and transaction to relations with each other and our fellow species of earth, now and into the future. With IMAGI-NATION (more on the next page), we have a solution to help the world, not the solution. We understand our role is to remind, nudge, and shape. We don’t want to be an empire. Still, we do know that there is a path ahead when we focus on our relations first, not with who we know and what we know, but with the knowledge and people beyond our margins; when we go to the unlikely spaces, we generate relational strength, the fusing of two distinct elements have invented so much of our chemistry magic on earth. To reignite the town square, we need a network powered by unlikely connections and not in isolation. We need a weaving of cross-hatching that can provide a luminescent flight map for relations to move beyond our streets, cities, and nations to a place between us and them, between now and then, between why and what. We must design with the best of the Internet to be able to create a contained economy for the exchange of value, to emancipate the inequity of access to intelligence for those stuck inside inherited systems and the inequity of access to the systemic design of our life on earth, to the design of our value systems and economic movement, for those outside the margins. We must focus on relating to each other and nature, anchoring each other in cross-pollinated nuclei, and concentrate on systemic design patterning to centre relational economics as a lever for advancement for all of us, with exchanges of time and knowledge, and opportunities. In this playing field, we must find a way to translate from a contained economy back into Earth by rewarding the reputational credit gained in a relational economy into transactions with $$ and assets. We must design a network focused on the converging, unlikely minds to think, design, and act. We don’t have the time to wait and hack the system with our pseudo-intelligence that 1 Read Forbes Article, 2020 can critique. The critics must offer solutions or get moving with those with some. The solutions must be systemic, hatched from a cross-section of thinkers inside and outside the margins. The systems change projects must be able to scale across the earth by being built into tools in the form of big stories and free accessible tools, and the custodians and thinkers that govern, design and shape this network should be the custodians. The Indigenous systems thinkers of our earth, the longest labs, and the governance circles should be filled with our mentors from all backgrounds, the experts, the wise ones, and those who have walked the walk. Those with imagination should also govern us, those who can harness a map and see the spaces between you and me and what we see and what we’ll be. We started a network back in 2005, and it’s called AIME. I founded the organisation at 19 years of age and have led it since then, to where we are now, with a reach in over 52 countries. From outside established systems, we have built unlikely connections with imagination and mentoring between cultures and people inside and outside the margins for ~20 years. As the design decade has beckoned the last few years, it’s seen us go as deep as we can to design an influential network of networks built on the foundations of our years of work and thousands and thousands of years of intelligence grounding us before then. Over AIME’s existence, we’ve worked one relationship at a time, analog with real people, seeing the consequences of the world’s black and white divisions, observing the economic struggle, the sadness inside oversized city executive suites, the stuckness of many of our civilizations, the devastating lack of morality in the virus of the modern social networks and attention economies eating the soul of the fourth estate. We’ve watched the seas rising and seen that we must move for us-all, at scale, and we must find a way to harness the best of us, with the best of the Internet, for movement. So we have been building a nation for us-all, a digital country, for us to relate, design and apply systems change and to create tools for that knowledge to be shared at scale. We have centred the values on universal mentoring, imagination, and custodianship, and the economy is focused on units of exchange of time, knowledge, and opportunities, which we are measuring in the form of energy between us and nature. Our governance is in the circles of the wisdom of universal mentoring, imagination, and custodianship. Our ultimate governance body is nature, which has led to us designing IMAGI-NATION to have intentional death; under 10 years from now, it will die, and as a network, we will intentionally give back to nature all of the IP to fuse songlines with modern economic valuation of libraries, galleries, and museums. This isn’t poetry or unanchored rhetoric. We have raised over $150M in capital since 2005 and generated over $200M worth of in-kind capital movement in the network. We’ve made the linear impact of progression through school for marginalised youth and seen the flaws in isolated, contained predictive measurements that don’t have relation or circularity to their movement. Now, we are taking on the challenge in our impact measurement to fuse complexity and simplicity, the art and science, the numbers and story. We’ve had the hero stories on our network, competed and won, and realised that our superpower is to help harness the network of networks, to sit between the mystics and the mathematicians, the outcasts and the operators, the engineers, and the elephants. To bring into relation as a species, we need to refresh our default settings and re-orient our relational context. We do that by mapping ourselves into relations with entities from the past, non-human worlds, and the future. To bring citizens into IMAGI-NATION, we will do a deep mapping process to these anchor points. From the deeper relational anchors of other species now and before and tomorrow, we can then look at not what to do or what we want to achieve but how to be, how to be a mentor, how to be a custodian, how to be in imagination, and with what being we hope will transpire. The flow of the network focuses on the cycle on the following page, from relations, to systems change projects, to the development of tools. We activate the network through big story, and through relations together in life. The network nucleus is focused on unlikely connections, which is the essence of our ~20 years of work, and then mainly to organise people, we’ve fused the framework of UNCx5 (Unlikely Connectionsx5), which we’ve tested with significant thinkers around the world and applied in our network for the last five years deeply. Look at your hand, five digits; that’s the core group of citizens in IMAGI-NATION, no one-off profiles, all together, hatched across nations, identities, ages, skills, and workflows. To increase relations, the network moves like the incy wincy spider kid song intertwining our hands, and like Dunbar’s network2, out to a core group of around 150 imagined natural, human, knowledge connections. We already have the people to be in IMAGI-NATION to drive the core. There is no fancy campaign needed. We’ve got a network of unlikely connections that can grow relationally and through the application of systems change projects. I’ll share 2 components in this next section, the first being how many people we need to start this NATION, and that number is 161, and it’s not just people. The second piece is the early predictions of our impact reach across relations, systems, and tools. Then I’ll share the partnerships we are looking to bring in as the core mentors and thinkers, and network levers within IMAGI-NATION and conclude this letter and invite you to a session with me to look under the hood at the elements. The 161 entities are: ● 9 Cultural indicator species developed with Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs (Already established) ● 22 Professors (Puppets) (Already established) ● Governance Circles ● Imagination -40 Organisations in partnership with Learning Planet (Already established) ● Mentors -25 Mentors in Residence ● Custodians-25 (these are guides) ● Systems Change Studio-There are 10 projects live that we will offer visas into the Systems Change Lab 2 Listen to the Other Others Podcast episode that I joined with Robin Dunbar & Tyson Yunkaporta. ● Toolshed -There are 5 tools we are developing for at-scale applications for humans across the earth. Our partners working on the tools will have visas. ● Core -25 advanced groups -5 from each of the fields working towards accreditation: ● Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs ● Organisations becoming JOY Corps ● Citizens becoming Systems Change Citizens ● Schools becoming Imagination Labs ● Marginalised youth becoming IMAGI-NATION Presidents and establishing Custodial Economies. This core group of 5 is the nucleus of the relational economy, the five pillars of change; from this core group of 25, we will tier the face-to-face invitations and will explain pathways to that below, and we can offer scale (relatively infinitely) for people to apply to study at IMAGI-NATION University to be accredited in the above pathways. There are incentives for each tier group. The top 25 get invited on a world “Story” tour of cities, the next 70 get a trip to Australia, the next 50 get access to a one-on-one mentoring session with a high-quality mentor, and all, once accredited, get access to the jobs/opportunity portal. No one can access it without having come into relation during this process, meaning organisations that want to access one of the most robust talent pipelines of systems thinkers and designers from outside the margins have to do the work to shift their system and behaviour to have access to the network via the relations built. This forms the inner spiral of our network, and from here, we can look to campaign larger scalable plays via visas into IMAGI-NATION. The first 2 campaign visas to stimulate the global economy of relations that we will release are: 1. Mentor Matchmaking Visa -For schools looking for mentors to deliver tutor squads (a program frame/tool we’ve developed since 2005) & for citizens looking to lead a tutor squad at their schools. For this, we will activate the base of our 25K plus people with AIME Hoodies. This will happen in September. 2. Kind Visa -we will build on our work over the last two years on Very Important Kind People (VIKP) and our work on Kindness over the last ten years to challenge festivals around the world to be accredited as kind-fests and to offer VIKP tickets for people doing the work. How we will market IMAGI-NATION or go to the marketplace of life, is to work on the accreditation of councils/cities/corporations/galleries/schools etc. in mentoring, custodianship, and imagination, and we have a compelling suite of global thinking/delivery partners for each of these Internally at AIME, we have an exceptional core team of deep wisdom holders of about 30 around the world, and we will be moving in residencies for the first quarter to accredit a city and then to accredit a JOY corp, and in the middle of the year we will travel in the big story as a troupe to 5 cities (a bit like the Olympics of systems change) to light up a network, and at the end of the year will see us in school residencies. We will release physical puzzles along the way and pass on the pieces as a rolling campaign to invite people relationally to IMAGI-NATION to bring the puzzle pieces back together by the end of the lifetime of IMAGI-NATION -break it down to build it back up. We’ll be filming a documentary along the 10 years called Puzzle to try and understand the node's value in the network and the energy between each other in relation. We don’t want to grow our team beyond 50 full-time people. We want to have our core be about 50 people on staff, and then 50-60 leaders from organizations around the world we’ll support, and I’ll work with to help them weave inside & outside the network. I’ve led AIME with 130 people, I feel comfortable that we can see the network core of 100-200 as our focus; and if we nail this, we’ve done the thinking, and the technology is almost built (cost just over $1M and was funded by Aus Government for Indigenous Australia to reach out and heal the world). We don’t want to have a fancy head office; we wanna be ninjas, dropping into places here and there and lighting up the magic. We’ll have a storage facility with Hoodies, and have our Professors (Puppets) and our virtual production studio to nail the tool development and impact. Our central funds will be for our people, tool development, and then to bring people together around the world in relation. We’ve scoped this out and believe that we can make this all happen for $100M Aus over the next 10 years. We want to secure the $100M before October this year to allow our network to be locked away from dollars and not able to be corrupted by the temptation of further funding; our commitment once we hit the $100M is we won’t take another $, and with the death strategy we know we only need a finite amount of financial resources. This doesn’t mean we don’t want to see trillions of $ move in relation to nature and to powering intelligence from outside the margins to design our systems of tomorrow -it just means we’ll have what we need and then be directing you and the future partners to send your $ towards the systems change projects coming out of IMAGI-NATION like the creation of 10,000 Indigenous knowledge systems labs that we have started as a project with the Buckminster Fuller Institute in USA, and the Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs in Australia. We have secured $12M of the $100M from the Aus Federal Government and are advanced in several conversations with many of you worldwide. This is how we’d like to break down the $100M and the partnership pathways we’d love your help with, either with you becoming one of them or introducing us to someone who can drive this partnership nucleus core of IMAGI-NATION with us. Here’s the partner wishlist: 1. Five of the first funders of a new nation -at $500K-$1M a year over a 5+ year period. 0 Secured right now. 2. 5 Governments -$4M each -$1M per year over four years -1 secured. 3. 555 citizens as regular donors -a tiered model from $5 a week to $5555 -$1M per year over 10 years. As of the writing of this letter, we have 12 secured. 4. Systems projects live for partnership include: 1. 1000 cities and councils accredited as IMAGI-NATION Embassies 2. 10,000 Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs 3. Imagination in every classroom 4. Nature Fund 5. Tool projects live 1. IMAGINE Film 2. Revolutionising Impact reporting 3. MentorApp -seeking partners. 4. MentorClass -seeking partners. 6. Imagination Art Fund -looking for 9 Gallery Directors -$1M target from Oct 2023-Jan 2024 We see the systems projects and tool development bringing in the remaining $30M over the next 10 years. And we are confident of securing the key partners around these playgrounds. For example in the Systems Change projects, there are another 7 that are close to being finalised, all with legitimate global systems players in partnership, and we welcome showcasing this with you in a focused session. You’ll see in the next paragraph the macro pathways towards impact upon which most of our partnerships are being fused. In terms of the projected impact, there are so many unknowns in the scale once we accredit an organisation, for example, if an organisations with 20 offices becomes a JOY Corp and, in their lever around mentoring mobilises 50,000 staff to mentor across 1000 schools, the impact is going to reach 100,000 kids, and this is just one group. So let’s focus on the controllable implications. We’ll look at who we will shift into relation as entities by the end of the ten years, the number of systems change projects we will complete, and the tools we will make. From there, we are really excited to share with you our R&D around how to visualise in real-time and, over time, the richness of this data and its impact as it comes in. So now, to finish, let's paint a short picture of impact projection. 1. 1000 cities/councils accredited in Imagination/Custodianship/Mentoring 2. 10,000 IMAGI-NATION Presidents establishing custodial economies 3. 1000 JOY Corps 4. 1000 Indigenous Knowledge Systems Labs 5. 1000 schools becoming Imagination Labs 6. 1000 Systems change citizens 7. 1000 schools linked with mentors providing in-kind tutoring ongoing 8. 1000 Very Important kind people and 100 Kindfests 9. 1000 IMAGI-NATION Galleries showcasing action through imagination for systemic change 10. 100 completed systems change projects showcasing action that is scalable across the earth 11. 50 deep tools for humanity that can live on It’s 4pm on the 23rd August 2023 as I sign off on this note, from now we are in a focused manner one by one inviting you and people like you to a focused design session with one of our team to look towards a partnership. If you don’t see a partnership pathway for you, maybe the timing isn’t right for example, then we definitely understand and we ask that you only put your hand forward for a partnering design session if you are genuinely interested in the partnership opportunities listed above, or if you want to know more so you can refer someone who you think will want to work with us to make this real. The time is now, let’s get to work. Jack Manning Bancroft AIME CEO & Founder 